Saw a girl wearing a Mogwai shirt
The band or the fictional creature?
Did he look old enough to have grand kids?
No one ever wanted to be my friend 
maybe invest in a sweatshirt?
What for?
I just got a 100% on my final exam because my professor showed up an hour late.
You’re lucky but I bet you’d get a 100% anyway 
Oh stop.
Dinner sometime?
#tinder is obsolete
Unexpected Jake and Amir reference.
Praying for this to happen. Teacher is six mins late as of now. 
Keep me in your prayers, guys.
Did he show
Give me a song and I'll rate it!
Beat the Devils Tattoo - Black Rebel Motorcycle Club
Apple saved my wife’s life.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away! ..I guess
What is the diagnosis?
I'll still not get a smart watch 
Do you want a heart attack? Because that's how you get a heart attack.
You get a heart attacks by eating like shit or with genes
Never watched Archer, huh?
The cynic in me feels like this is one big marketing campaign by Apple...
Give me a song to rate!
Choke - I don't know how but they found me
6.5/10
I'd love to rate a song too btw!
Rate Centuries by Fall out boy 
Church Bells by Carrie Underwood 
Sissy that Walk by Rupaul
Fuck it I'm bragging.
That's really *fucking* great. 
Congratulations too! 
Fuck man I know so happy thank you!!! 
That's so cool! As a fellow IT person, HELLO!!! 
Also IT person. Had interview today. Fingers crossed. Wish me luck pls! 
Which kind of luck do you prefer? You didn't specify...
Good luck lol
8::::::::::::::::::D
Username spelled incorrectly, but checks out... lol
look at the parent commenter's username
Get it!
Good for you. you owe me a date now. 
I donated a kidney yesterday.
I would do it just for the huge potential of 'being inside you' jokes.
He loves having my meat inside him.
as someone current in end stage renal failure and desperately waiting for a kidney, THANK YOU. 
I've been sober for two months and I survived my office Christmas party last night.
I commend you Sir!
What’s going on with you?
_im feeling like in going to die alone xd_
age is just a social construction
How many full rotations around the sun have you lived through
almost 17 tho
Unless you plan on dying very soon, you are most definitely not going to die alone
yes, but i refuse to acknowledge that
Ok I can’t help you then
who asked for help tho ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Don’t need to ask for help to get it
umu
I now understand your first statement
XDDDDDD
Yep Defos gonna die alone, couldn’t have made it worse if you tried
dude, pls stop
Lol jk you won’t dw, &lt;3
no turning back
Just working and having fun during my time off. 
Nice. Off from school? What have you been doing for fun? 
Today, after 2 years of university, I finally managed to gather the courage to ask a question in class :)
Feel you man senior here, still don’t dare to draw any form of attention to myself during class 
Asked a Guy Out for the First Time
&gt; more girls should do it
As a guy who's way more single even than you, I agree.
You go chicky! Hope you have fun in the date!  😄
tuesday the q's day - it can only be done one way! or i guess.. 5 ways?
1. Finals over!
2.  Soccer and boys
3. Sex
4. Off season
5. Earl Sweatshirt 
soccer and boys
Boys and soccer &lt;3
hahah soccer's great. play all your life?
Yep! Always loved the game.  
sports are great. i can't believe some people choose not to play!
To all the lonely people
Nice. .. talk to me over message.. I LL take away your loneliness honey.
I'm sure you take MasterCard and Visa.
You have suddenly become the ruler the country you live in. What are some of the first laws you would pass and why? Would you revoke any existing laws and why?
No. Fucking. Fish. In the breakroom. 
Do you genuinely like the taste of beer?
It's cuz ur drinking shitty beer get yourself an IPA 
So, folks, where do you work?
sysadmin
what about you op?
I work in Public Health!
I work in the entertainment industry.  
I grow cannabis for a large production company in Canada
What do you think of girls with shaved hair?
As any haircut some people look amazing and other no so much.
I'm seriously laughing my butt off right now
Seems like a lot of work to scam someone out of 100 buck. 
That's what I thought, too. But, there are a lot of desperate people out there.  
Hey you.
It's 9 am but thanks :) Have a good day too
Oooooh.  France?
I hope to.  It's my birthday...
But I just lost the game 😕
Do you ever drive in the highway for a few hours and another car is in front or behind you going the same speed and when you or they finally go through an exit, you're just like So long, partner?
Car buddy! 
This is word-for-word a Toy Story meme...
Eating out by myself for the first time ever!
What are you thinking of eating? 
I ordered chicken parmesan, hope it tastes good
Enjoy!!!
Sounds like a dream to me
You should definitely try this! I know this won't be my last time trying it
I have a PhD in math and scored 43/58 (74%) on an SAT II math exam. I feel embarrassed.
Why are you applying for tutoring jobs when you have a PhD in math?
Just want to say happy Hanukkah to all of my fellow Jewish redditors, and stay safe
Mazel tov friend. 
Have a good time, eat some tasty food, be well. 
I will! Just got myself a jelly doughnut to start off the day. Mazel Tov!
Anyone else that loves being up early?
I'm not a night owl or an early bird. I'm some sort of permanently exhausted pigeon. 
Can I come over? Lol
7 16 is not early... Early is like 530, the sun rises at 5
I haven't slept in about a year so yeah cool
Good morning Reddit
That’s a heartwarming post, and I hope you find happiness and comfort today and everyday.
Thank you very much!
May the good lord Jesus Christ bless you.
Austinite here.  The Texas rains got me in all sorta nice moods! 
Im on 2 hours of sleep working a 12 hour shift. Thanks for the encouragement.
Power through, Blackstreak95! Itll be over soon!
Are you in south east Texas (Houston area)? 
DFW
I hope You Have A Great Saturday Too.😀
I got high and played video games all day.
It was nice.
Horror story.
i dislike pizza all around.Kebabs ftw
Try kebab pizza. It's really good.
thats an abomination and a sin
This time it's not a sin, it's like you are eating bread and kebab
Pineapple on pizza is fine imo. 
No u
I am fine, thank you. 
Oh I dont think so. 
Then don’t think that because it’s not true. 
Nothing is true 
That’s not true then. 
Just had my last cigarette.. wish me luck y’all!
Good luck and stay strong! Are you going cold turkey or trying a nicotine gum type of thing?
Thank you! I’m doing gum and I bought one of those gas station vapes! 
Good luck and remember: the golden rule is Not even one
Good luck! I'll be quitting at the end of the day as well. 
Yay! Quitting day partners! Best of luck pal!!! 
Good luck!!!
I’m a month into my quitting journey! Haven’t bought a pack in 32 days, feels great! 
Yes!!! Good job babe!!!! 
It’s been 7yrs for me. You can do it!
I just quit vaping this week; good luck you and me both!
Good luck. I just passed 5.5 months. I believe in you :)
Sunflower seeds kept my hands busy.  Wishing you strength.
I feel so sorry for girls in night clubs.
You think they don't enjoy it? There's a reason girls don't wear sweats to the club.
Ah yes, they enjoy it. The preferred excuse of sexual assaulters everywhere. 
Tell me something good about your day
I rolled a really shitty joint but got really stoned anyways 
Came home early from school to sleep before work. Best decision this past week. 
My birthday is tomorrow and tonight i cried.
30 is a good year. Keep it up dude. 
Thank you! I plan on making 30 the best yet.
It gets a little tough but nothing like the last few years of twenty. I’m proud of you. 
&gt;making it to 30
r/absolutelynotmeirl
Life is a journey for sure, glad you made it this far my man
I turn 20 tomorrow. What your ending, I'm just starting. Cya in 10 :)
Happy birthday, we share a birthday =D
Reply with a song to listen to and ill do the same!
Deftones-Be Quiet and Drive 
Interlude- Hippo Campus
I am a 4’10” guy in the Netherlands for work. I have never felt so short in my life.
Yeah I was a foreigner growing up in Utrecht and man I felt short.
How tall are you and where are you from?
this thread annoys me with imperial numbers 
I'm only 5'10 so I feel you.
Anybody else got a trigger word?
Y'all
What's the first thing that comes to your mind the moment you read INDIA?
India Ink.
Location: Ohio USA
Gender: not sure, maybe demiboy
Age: complicated
I work fast food and I’ll just give people free stuff
Whoah thats an aweosme thing to do, but arent you afraid youll get in trouble?
An extra chicken nugget can just make my whole day. 
I think I gave that chick like 3 or 4 extra just cuz
Made her whole week. 
Shit an extra nugget would make my frigging year right now. 
You okay bud?
Lost a lot this year. Just putting the pieces back slowly. 
May 2019 treat you like a rock star! :-)
So uh... which wendy's? asking for a um... friend
Here for a good time not a long time 
You should have done this on a throwaway account.
For security purposes.
When is the last time you cried?
Right now in a grocery store parking lot :)
I've been on reddit for over 3 years now and it still baffles me how many times the same photo/video will get reposted and hit front page.
This is a repost
Everything is a repost if you dig far enough.
That's really deep dude
wait until you've been here 12 years ... (sorry, not many chances to brag)
Why do you have so little karma even after 12 years?
Hey r/CasualConversation! It's time to vote for the best of the best of 2018.
/u/LorelaiGranger 
lollll thank you!! and no, i really think it ain't me. what about YOU?!  
/u/heritageharks is the only option! 
How often do you make new Reddit accounts?
&gt;How often do you change accounts?
Probably once every six weeks. For privacy.
im with this one till I die, nsfw shit and all
What's your ultra secret second account? 
the secret is it doesnt exist, shhh dont tell anyone ok?
That's a lame secret
ya sorry, im a lame person :(
Now I feel bad for calling your secret lame
I'm having a really awful day, what's your favourite way to make yourself feel better?
I usually watch a Ghibli movie.
Those do feel like a good hug. 
Casual bike ride. A non-excruciating exercise.
Is it sad that I can't actually ride a bike?? I appreciate your input tho! 
I listen to music and/or watch the movie the secret when I feel down
Queens GIANT hit Bohemian Rhapsody came out in 1977 and to this day is considered a banger. I wonder what current song will be still getting played in 41 years time that gets everyone as excited as Bohemian Rhapsody.
The Smashing Pumpkins will be still played in 50 years. 
I was going to say Hey Ya, but realized it's about 15 years old. Now I feel old.
i was gonna day Crazy by Gnarls Barkley but that came out around then too 🤦‍♂️
I was going to say Never Going to Give You Up,  so get off my lawn.
I was gonna say Sweet Child O’ Mine so get off MY LAWN. 
I hate to be That person, but it came out in 1975.
Google lied to me 😂
Not entirely. It was on an album in '77.
Which one?
I lied. Google might be a little slow, album was in '76. A Night At The Opera.
Feel Good Inc for sure
While I love feel good Inc, I think Clint Eastwood is more likely. 
Night Moves will never *not* get played on classic rock radio
Seven Nation Army, A Milli, Sandstorm, Clubbed to Death, Gangnam Style.
In the UK, Mr. Brightside will never die.
And take me out by franz ferdinand 
And literally all oasis
I said maybeeee
SALLY CAN WAITTTT 
In a Champaign supernova!
Half the world away..
Sunsheeyine
for my lasagne
The alternative station in my area plays it daily
US too. They play it at least every weekend. 
Playing after all this age
It's doing just fine
COMIN OUT OF MY CAGE AND I'VE BEEN DOIN JUST FINE
GOTTA GOTTA BE DOWN BECAUSE I WANT IT ALL
IT STARTED OUT WITH A KISS HOW DID     IT END UP LIKE THIS
IT WAS ONLY A KISS. IT WAS ONLY A KISS!
NOW I'M FALLING ASLEEP AND SHE'S CALLING A CAB
AND HE’S HAVING A SMOKE, AND SHE’S TAKING A DRAG
Summer time
By My Chemical Romance?
Will Smith 
Speaking of Bohemian Rhapsody, is the movie good guys?
Do I Wanna Know by Arctic Monkeys
Do I Wanna Know? Is a modern classic for sure. 
The Arctic Monkeys in general will stand the test of time
Oh most definitely 
Mo bamba 
It’s been four hours, why hasn’t anyone said All Star by Smash Mouth yet?
^some #BODY
Look at my horse
Chop Suey?
Boulevard of Broken Dreams?
Free compliments!
I’m a little blue tonight too.  Thanks for doing something nice!  Happy holidays
Aww I hope you feel better! And your cats are SO CUTE
I don't really know what's in my post history and at this point I'm too afraid to look :)
I always ask people, “What made you smile today?” Today my answer to that is this post. 
id love a compliment if you dont mind giving me one
Hope you feel better soon mate! 
As a dude who just tried 'leggings' on for the first time, where has this been my whole life?
Be careful about constricting your nads like that boss. It ain't good for them. 
You’ve clearly never lived in the north in winter.
Long johns are love, long johns are life. 
I thought long johns was the universal term. This thread is telling me otherwise
Can i wear them as pants like some girls do?
Yeah but don't get mad when all the ladies are looking at your booty!
My dude i just got some this morning (i work overnight and outside sometimes). 
Hhnnnggggg
My crush confessed her feelings for me today! I can't be happier.
You are a beacon of hope to all of us
Hey guys, I'm kinda drunk. What's everyone doing tonight?
Drinking beer, playing BOTW, and snuggling my cat. Nice quiet evening. :)
Reddit in general, I love you guys.
Hi.  I liked reading your comment.  Thank you.  :) 
😊
And I liked receiving yours, thank you!
Oh good.  :) 
You are welcome.  
You guys are too cute.
No problem brother, with you all the way
Hey bro, I saw you're in Toronto. I'm not far from there; let's grab a beer bud! 
Sure! That sounds rad 😁
Glad you adopted
I love kind people like you!
Hey I'm basically in the same mental state as you are!  
##**There are dozens of us!**
Holy shit me and you are practically alike 
i'm sad, people of CasualConversation, tell me something good that happened to you today so i can steal other people's happiness &lt;3
I bought a pack starbursts out of a vending machine and got 2 packs instead
i'm most jealous of you out of everyone in this thread &lt;3
I got 8/8 on a quiz in chem, which i suck at but its great
Folks, tell me one random stuff about yourselves!
I was born without a thyroid gland. 
I'm listening to Red Cold River by Breaking Benjamin while I get ready for work 
i have never been to burger King. there are about 20 of them in my city
It’s 3:47 pm and I’ve already had my third meal of the day
I'm so boring, I can't come up with any interesting stuff to tell anyone about.
How was your day today pal?
I just got my first kiss today guys!
16 isnt late for the first kiss at all imo
**Conservative muslim society**
Your point is...?
**Conservative girls = no kissing/hugging**
&gt;I'm 16 so i think this is a little late
You're kidding, right?
eu não estou atrasado ?
Ah tá atrasado demais, o normal é por volta dos 10.
normal no seu país
Olha só, tu tá muito matreiro rapaz.
porque ?
Tu sabe português mesmo ou tá traduzindo?
não muito, mas eu entendi essa frase
Tendi.
minha culpa
Porque é sua culpa?
nada, tome cuidado
Give me a theme and I’ll write you a short poem
A brave woman willingly becomes an alien to gain power to avenge her lover.
To give up her humanity,
To give up her life,
To change her anatomy,
To save her wife.
THANK YOU. This goes out to the people that reach out to their friends or family when they feel something is wrong.
I wish
What are the best tv theme songs?
The Muppet Show from the 70's/80's
Bojack horseman has an amazing intro song, The intro in general is great!
I think I watched one episode of that one. I'll have to give it another shot
Did ANYBODY have a good 2018?
DEFINITELY not me. Fuck this year. 
I totally feel you. We’ll have a pact to make sure 2019 is the best that it can be 
Do we have A Plan? 
I honestly believe that everyone should spend atleast 10 minutes a day just listening to music and not doing anything else.
I do it every day
At night I lay in bed text my friend and listen to music until like 3-4am
What time do you get up? 
I've never felt so positive &amp; motivated to live my life to the fullest since crippling myself.
Thank you for my morning Joe. You definitely got me going.😁 Thanks for the share.
&gt;  Oh my giddy aunt
I must know where this idiom comes from; it's adorable.
When I was 11 I learned fluent English thanks to Minecraft
Bruh same.
That's pretty cool, man.
Ricky Martin learned English watching Mr. Rodger's neighborhood.
I don’t think I know who that is
Reddit, kindly fuck off with your redesign. Every day I'm clicking 'Opt-out of redesign' and you kindly forget
I use RES, which seems to keep it at bay.
RES works for me flawlessly too ..
It’s fucking awful. At least mobile hasn’t changed. 
I woke up to a 7.0 magnitude earthquake this morning
Did you die?
Give me a song and I'll rate it 0/10
#Bitch lasagna 
New Radicals- Get what you give
That's That - MF DOOM
Opeth - Face of Melinda 
10/10
Haha I'm guessing you're already an opeth fan
Last to know, three days grace.
Silent Lucidity - Queensryche
What are the best condiments that you should put on a Burger?
And they do mayo/siracha now too. That would be great on a burger.
That does sound pretty tasty! Yeah normal Sriracha seems a bit too strong for me
Fried egg is my hands Down favorite 
Not really a condiment but definitely peanut butter and/or marshmallows
Taco Bell is spreading here in the UK so I decided to see if the joke about it destroying your insides was true. Myth confirmed.
I'm sure it'll be the first of many! lol Taco Bell is great!
My bowls’re telling me no, but my tongue, my tongue is telling me yes. 
I still find it an exaggeration. I don't think I've ever had Taco Bell work as a laxative.
&lt;Laughs in Indian&gt;
have you tried KFC my friend?
Wait wait wait... How long has there been Taco Bell in the UK?? 
What movies do you have to stop and watch when flipping through channels?
Pearl Habour
Armageddon
Like seriously stupid but guilty pleasures.
The sound track alone is worth a watch! I agree those are great. :-)
I always stop to watch Good Will Hunting. 
That is one that I always mean to watch someday. I do love Robin Williams.
Y'all ever like a post or comment solely to make it even? Like, 599 to 600?
YES!!!!
I always do that, it makes you feel organized.
Hmm, what happens when someone got to 600 first? Your comment would be the 601. 
If it’s at 665, I have to.
mine is like lawful good and yours chaotic good lol
Parenthesis
Exponents
Multiplication 
Division
Addition
Subtraction
**Wait what???**
s a d m e p
I don’t even play D&amp;D can you explain what PEMDAS means in that context
I upvoted this from 29 to 30 just for you.
thank you for your service 🙏
I do the opposite. I like to upvote to make it odd-numbered...
* gasp * dear neptune...
ok WHOM keeps downvoting so that it goes back to the 69?? 
u trynna torture me or sum???
Will always and forever upvote 68. Always. 
Although I am a bit conflicted, I gotta: 69 --&gt; 70
I do it every time I see something or someone with a 666 karma. I’m superstitious, I guess. 
saw this post had 99 comments.
Only if it's at 618
aaaa I don't know this reference. *googles it furiously*
All. The. Time.
I have also felt trapped when I couldn't upvote something because it was at 69.
Now I want to follow all of OPs comments and make them uneven 
One of My Hobbies is Collecting &amp; Organizing Useful Websites. Please Help Me Indulge. What Are Your Favorites?
Radioooooo.com
Lol nice try Buzzfeed! 
Marking for later.
Does anyone else use fairly uncommon words during a conversation (e.g. pertinent) and immediately second guess if you are actually using that word correctly?
It's cool using ubiquitous
Like Michael Scott?
Can I hear that used in a sentence please?
I’m sat in a pub alone after being stood up by four friends and I want to talk to someone so I buy a lemonade instead of another beer.
Hello!!!!
If they got some good fried chicken or chips go for it
Are you using chips in the British sense, or the American one? 
Have you ever had peach lemonade!?
I'm adopting two cats tomorrow!!!
Don’t keep loose ribbon or string around.   They’ll eat it. 
Learned this the hard way.  
Oops. I'll be careful about that! 
Also plastic! Mine love plastic. And bottle caps are their favorite toys. I have weird cats. 
Don’t let them eat floss or they will need a 3 grand surgery.
To the girl in the community college cafeteria, I totally just saw you hit yourself in the face and laugh.
Lure her with baked goods. You got dis.
I’m having a hard time picturing why/how a phone would be caught on something 
Dude, talk to her, seriously, it won't kill you
Talk about missed opportunities with that ice breaker...
So did you talk to her? 
r/havewemet
Smash bruh what are u waiting for
That
What are you doing/avoiding rn?
I'm up at 2:20 am really high listening to my favorite album while it pours outside. Very cozy
I don’t want to start work.🙃
Waiting around for class to start.
Hope it was a good one!
My boyfriend is helping my mom make mashed potatoes for me right now.
He's not just a boyfriend. That's a *partner* 😍
For sure! He is so caring and I couldn’t be luckier 
This is so wholesome. Where can I get a boyfriend like that?
Sigh....
Who/what do you come here for?
I come here to... to... um...
Actually, I don't really know. 
Looking for an old friend...
I know who I am.
Condensed milk! 😂
Is that him ? 
Yo what's up
dawg
I'd love to talk to you too. Or anyone...
What’s your sport?
Remember when you were young? 
You shone like the sun 
Did you find your friend?
What's your weird hobby?
What about asking random people on the internet questions? That counts, right? 😁
I've got something for you.
Hey friend :)
What do I get? 
I love when people reply to a comment I write or a post I make. It makes me feel like I have a community.
Comment and I'll compliment you, or say something supportive :)
No, of course not! How are you? :3
Met up with a Redditor for a beer. Didn't get raped or murdered. Win.
Yeah man, it was a good time. Way too much calamari though. 
&gt; Way too much calamari though.
Omg did you actually finish that after?! Oy.
Is this the actual redditor? This story is awesome!
Struggling with quitting addictions
Hi lol
Hows your day 
Weird. How was your day? 
The best part of my day was having a coffee in the morning. My days been slow 
What did you do today?
Introspected 
Can to share a thought?
You wake up one day and you are the opposite gender. What are some of the first things you will do?
Play with my boobs obviously
What if your new body doesn’t have any?
Get brest implants and play with them ;)
What if your new body is poor? 
See what the big fuss about jerking off is.
It’s not so much about jerking off as it is about going 12 hours without doing it
Well magic exists. So I guess I'd start going to church. 
Warn tf out of my parents and call in sick at school
Go pee. No matter what sex you wake up as your going to use the bathroom. 
Pee standing up. That's what I would do.
Find out if women can really suck on their own nipples 
Panic a lot. Then masturbate.
Talk to my ex so she will be able to love me again.
Try to get a blowjob from my wife and then penetrate her with my now real dick
Lift up my shirt in disbelief.
Probably be very happy.
r/egg_irl
Google the nearest lesbian bar. 
I’ll answer your question with a question - how big are my boobs?
(I’m a male)
My boyfriend's mom likes me and it makes me really happy
Aww, that’s nice! 
As they say, keep your friends close and your enemies closer... 
oh god oh f**k oh no
This is the internet, you can swear. 
I hope you like your xmas present.... *dagger to the liver*
one can only hope
Back when I was 15 I would go to my ex's house just to play risk with her father
What did she get you?
idk it’s not christmas yet 
Hey Reddit, how's life?
Life is looking up grandma. 
Ahahaha I'm 26.... Just old at heart
Go dancing or play bingo then 
If they are my only options, can I not just be kidnapped and murdered?
Proud of you for getting things done today
Playing guitar
Some of the most well known songs are based around 2 or 3 chords just saying. 
I’m so bored! Tell me about yourself
I'm only human. 
That’s exactly what a robot would say 
Oh no, my secret is out. 
Gotcha! 
We're still on track to take over the world soon though... 
Question for everyone
That's just a thing some people do. It happens to me pretty frequently.
Would you say consistently, like always phasing out of one into another?
All the time. Some interests stick around but I fall out of love with new things as well.
Nice! Glad there are more of us out there
To the dude in GameStop, you are amazing.
Glad to hear a nice black friday story for a change! 
It truly is, but if you always want a nice black friday story; stay home with your family. 
That’s why I have rule that I don’t leave home on Black Friday 
I have the same rule during the Purge
Then how do you kill your neighbors and take their flatscreen?
Kindness exists. 
I hope that guy  found what game he was looking for :) 
I do too!
Did*
Dude. 
I love gloomy weather.
Not me. I love the sunshine. Golden warm, just enough to make your skin glow.
I am going to ask you questions.
i’m up for it, hit me
When you jump onto reddit what are you really hoping to find?
To be very honest, quality memes is what im after.
Ask me one question
ask me what is my favorite colour  :D
What if I don't? 
Then you will never know  :P
Ask me a question.
Would you rather be right or prove someone else wrong?
Throw something at me
Hit me with a question, please
Hit it! I’m down to answer 🙋🏽‍♂️
Why don’t we call people with masters degree “Master”
I’d never call anybody master 
Why not? If they’re women we’ll call them Missy.
I'm called Bachelor Dude, wasn't the same when I was in a relationship but now it fits fine.
#Master Ben Shapiro
Ugh
Secondary question, why isn’t it called a Masterate, as in Doctorate 
In some languages it is i.e in Portuguese they are called Mestrado and Doutorado respectively. 
I think that's the case in all Romance/Latin languages.
I could see black people having an issue with calling someone “Master”.
Master is the title of young unwed boys already
People with PhD’s aren’t real doctors 
My PhD diploma says otherwise..
I have my masters and I absolutely wish this were true 
Question for Americans: Do people go inside homes and apartments with shoes on?
It is the norm to come in with shoes. 
Alright, do you feel that it is annoying when people don't want you to come in with shoes?
i feel it's disrespectful and they are full of sh. like it's just a floor. 
Hahaha, if you did it here people would think you're crazy
I just successfully defended my PhD thesis!
Congratulations, Doctor!  You'll have to change your username now....!
Thanks! I'll keep the username, though. Never stop learning!
Dr. Master4pprentice
What does your username mean?
Movie line. 
i think mine's pretty self explanatory
English as second language speakers - stop apologizing for your English!
Is your mom from Asia?
Someone told me that I was hot today
U R Hawt
That kindda threw me off too
Question, where you on fire when she said that? 
Aww I'm really happy for you dude! I hope you have a great second date
Congrats, bathe in it as complements are a rare thing for us guys. 
Dude! Ifkr, I can count the number of compliments I've received over the past year
me too: zero
Just had a creepy browse of your post history and I must admit... you're pretty hot OP
U sexy 
I wanna talk about anything
what’s your favorite activity in the world? 
Playing video games or watching anime
oo have you played the last of us?
No, but I've heard it's really good
Do you ever hear the phrase: Way to go, Idado!?
What’s your favourite video game of all time?
Sleeping dogs or bully
I gave a guy CPR today
Did you perform the compressions to Stayin Alive?
Haha I did actually
Seriously I would have too
At first I was afraid, I was petrified
Wow so hows being gay
Did you hear his ribs crack? Or is that a myth?
It’s a thing.  
Eek! OK thanks for confirming. 
Did anyone clap their hands afterwards? 
(No sarcasm) 
A redditor fed me.
How kind ....I B\\bet it's Mr.Beast
Is mrbeast a username? I dont remember the name but I do know it wasn't that. Haha
Mr.Beast the YouTube
Hey I'll send you another $20, got you cover for two weeks
A redditor told me to stfup and go to sleep and i woke up well rested.
Ur Welcum
Whalecum
Well-cum
Tomorrow I’ll be 30 days sober.
Great work! Keep going!
Don’t forget to put lettuce on sandwiches!
Chips are a fun alternative for this.
oh man . Is it one or the other or can you do both ?
I like to use baby spinach! Lettuce is good every now and then too though
idk.. lettuce depends on my mood tbh. i'd rather broccoli
🥦 I dislike the brocc
I'm falling in love with my wife all over again
This, fellas, is how marriage is supposed to be...
So you're divorced too? Lol.
Welp, I’m in tears. This is so beautiful. Congratulations to you both. ❤️
She knows your Reddit account, doesn't she?
Maybe try talking to her instead of karmawhoring
My wife an I have hall sex.
Help me build a playlist
Any song of Cherry Glazerr
First day of my life by bright eyes :)
Talking Heads - Pull Up The Roots
Added! Thanks, I’m excited to listen to these!
Thanks! They are really great tracks!
Lessa Fi Kaman by Hassan El Shafei. I don't understand 90% of it but It makes me feel so at ease
Slushies are the beverage of diminishing returns
I’ve never liked slushees for the exact reasons you specified.
I'm willing to push through for the nirvana thay is the first few swigs
Don’t even get me started on snocones.
#fuck snocones.
This reads like a Greek prose on ecstasy. I love it.
it’s my birthday!
hey it’s my birthday too! Happy birthday! 🎉🎊
Mine too! All the best people were born today. ;)
I missed my cakeday!
I'll be 7 on the 17th.
17th is my birthday :D
I missed my cake day too lol. It was a couple days ago. Happy cake day, friend!
Yep. Missed mine a week ago and I only noticed because of this post!
Oh, in that case, happy (late) cakeday to both of you! u/fujifilm96 and u/UnstableBork!
Thank you! 🎂
Happy Late Cake day to you and /u/UnstableBork !!!
Happy cake day!! I think it might be my cake day too?
Also, what is cake day? Is it your birthday? (Sorry, I'm sort of new to Reddit)
It’s still your cake day for me bro
Happy Cakeday friend!!
Why are you so quiet?
Best Answer:
Why are you so loud?
Some folk will just never understand.
My chemistry professor almost made me cry this morning.
You have to slay a few dragons to get your queen.
I’d prefer a king tbh.
sup?
I prefer the dragon.
Is this a Game of Thrones reference?
I hope not. I actually thought it was a shrek reference...
You got a line of people tryna date you now.
My biggest turnon is when a girl says her parents are dead
Uh what?
Glad I never went to college.
Why’s that?
I got stood up for a date today, and I'm not even mad.
If I was the girl, I’d probably just be asleep rather than intentionally stand you up
My daughter saw a commercial for the first time today and didn't understand what was going on.
I saw a commercial today and didn't know what was going on
They are getting weirder than I remember them being
*cookies cookies cookies* buy our new curtains
If you cannot dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bullshit.
Now that's a product I can stand behind. Please tell me it's only $19.99.
*three payments of $19.99 +sh &amp; ha
That is funny -- if you can find a rotary telephone it would blow her mind!
I'll try to dig one up
It's been that long we're resorting to archaeology?
I thought Hulu had ads that you paid for.
The no ads plan is a little more
Do you have to play for Plex? It seems interesting.  Also doesn't Hulu have ads now?
Mine was $70 for lifetime
That really isn't bad at all.  I might have to look into it
hulu has ads. p sure this fake bruv
I just rubbed my very anxious BF back for 20 mins to help him finally fall asleep.
I always feel like some ancient Greek goddess of sleep when I get to help like this. Good job!
You are literally the best kind of person. Thank you for being you.
I remember ,once i had to keep my hand still for the whole night as she had slept on my arm !
/r/feelingsillneverknow
But, good for you two &lt;3
I have 14 followers on Reddit now
I just had one, they always down vote me 😂😂
Now you have two!
Followed! \\m/
And here I was surprised I had 4. ha-ha. :P
Make that 5! Also very nice hat you made for your cat
My 7yo daughter wants to get her hair cut like a boys hair.
They're going to look fantastic!
She's probably a lesbian
I must converse with humans on the internet.
Hello, fellow human.
I'm doing great, actually. Just chilling here at home listening to some music
Lol me too. What are you listening to?
Hello how is your day going today?
Pretty good. Hbu?
I'm doing pretty good can't really complain.
What do you want to talk about?
I'm open to talk about anything.
I'll give you 3 options:
Hobbies, goals in life, (and if you are under 16;) career hopes.
Let's go with hobbies.
*waves* 
'Ello.
I just finished my exit exam for my Master's with an A and an overall GPA of 4.0!
Woot! Woot! Yas!
Congratulations!! I just finished my Master's myself, with a 4.0. Feels really fucking good :)
Great job! What is your new degree in?
Cybersecurity
Wow that's awesome! Definitely a field with lots of job opportunity I would imagine
Awesome! There have been literally 7 total 4.0s in the history of my school lmao
Wow, what school do you attend (if you're comfortable to share)?
I’m proposing tonight!!
Let us know how it goes. I was lucky. My wife proposed to me first :P
That’d be pretty nice lol. Thanks for the kind words!!
It's been 10 hours, did you do it or is it not time yet?
Good luck, you probably already did, I hope it went well!
It did!!!!
Yayyy!! Congratulations! 🎉 
You got a fiancé now!
Soon to be wife!
Congrats, happy for you!
Thank you so much!!
I hope you two enjoy dinner! Have a great day!
How’d it go?! I’m dying to know 🥰
I accidently ate two mouthfuls of ants the other day
Ahhh no I'm sorry, could you feel them crawling?
I know I couldn't, but I felt like they were afterwards. Eugh
You have ants in your ~~pants~~ entire body!
I’m scrunching up my face just reading this.
I was recently told that the man I donated stem cells to has made a full recovery from leukemia.
That’s awesome. High five for a good human moment
third wheel high five coming in for a landing!
brrrrrrrrrrvoooooommmmmm
Where do you go to donate stems cells and bone marrow?
Can you sell stem cells
Going to see my first ever client as a psychologist tomorrow !!!
Is your degree a master's in psychology?
How does that make you feel?
Damn, im really debating if i should give you my only silver i have.
Congratulations. Pop by r/therapists and fill us in on how it goes for you.
Can I talk to you?
I quit smoking thanks to my GF.
No relationship is better than weed imho.
Weed can't suck your dick.
Relationship does not suck your dick either.
Guns don't kill people, men or women suck your dick.
If you had $20000 and no responsibilities what would you do?
i would buy a tesla
I find it interesting how on reddit, where everything is anonymous, people tend to be much more polite, well spoken, and decent than on social media such as facebook or instagram, where all of your personal information is shared with everyone.
well couldn’t agree more
Anyone else think they were raised by the internet?
On the contrary, my friend. I helped raise the internet. 
Grandpa?
Not quite, but dad might work.
Early user of Firefox so i guess I'm a Foxy Grandpa
I hate to be the get off my lawn guy, but I remember the internet *before browsers*.
I remember you used to be able to connect to dial up through pay phones fuck I’m getting old
Netscape, bruh.
Da...Dad.?
Are you my boyfriend?
I'm bi!
Hi Bi, I'm dad!
ree
\*WRYYYYYYYYY
yare yare daze
ZA WARUDO
*hOHO~~ then come as close as you wish*
I can’t kick your ass without getting closer.
*hOHO~~ then come as close as you wish.*
**Roundabout starts playing**
*To Be Continued*
I'll be the ROOOOOOUNDABOUT
Username is relevant. Not in a bad way though. Hooray for degeneracy, comrade!
it started as an alt for furry porn :x
Ok, you do you random internet person. Or don't actually, it might be difficult to di yourself.
Hi Bi
Come on over to r/bisexual already!
Why r u gay
Dudes. We see you. We appreciate you.
I like this. I like you.
Aww :)
Now kith
Thith doeth put a thmile on my fathe
I like your comment. I like you
I like youuur comment. I like youu
Thank you, This makes you a Queen as well.
Eh, words are wind.
I'm not crying, you're crying
Damn girl, get a Tinder next time you're craving male attention.
Smh no one respects men anymore or how hard it is to be a man these days.
Cows got my roommate on Reddit
Sounds like he found his happy place. I'm glad.
[goes to look up cows]
I’m not sure... he just typed in “cows.” 😂
You didn't reply to the comment 😉
As a guy who is relatively new to having long hair, there's one thing about it that has truly changed me as a person.
pulling hairs out from your butt in the shower is definitely one to look forward to
Not in the shower, but *doing other things*, if you know what I mean. :,(
im screaming
For the past decade, I thought I was the problem in my relationships. Turns out I wasn't.
Relatable.
Same. I need to find my own G
Reading this put a smile on my face. Thank you for the wholesome story OP, glad you're happy!
Thank you! Glad it put a smile on your face :)
100% relatable. I'm so happy for you btw :)
Anyone else tired of the 9-5 corporate rat race?
Wait, you get to go in at 9 and leave at 5?
Plus 1 hour of unpaid lunch. So it is actual 9-6 for a bare minimum wage.
Me (20M) and my gf (20F) just got a call -- we were approved for our new apartment!
Save as much as you can because furniture and all the basics you need add up.
For sure! Planning on getting a few cheap things from Goodwill and upgrading as we go :)
r/CongratsLikeImFive
I just shook a surgeon's hand and it was a surreal experience.
I hope a surgeon with a bad mood reads this and feels good about themselves
My employer has offered to pay for 50% of my grad school tuition!
What kind of disabilities does your nonprofit work with?
People with developmental disabilities
My friend showed exactly what kind of friend she is.
You should let her know how much you appreciate her friendship!
With your dick
This took a very positive turn that I did not expect
OP had us in the first half
not gonna lie
OP
had us
in
Thought this would be about how your friend disappointed you, glad it wasn’t.
They had us in the first half not gonna lie
Your parents would have shown up first
When do you fuck?
That's gonna be a big ol fuck no, she's very pretty but I have a girlfriend
What's bothering you today?
My girlfriend and I broke up
Having bad teeth doesn't make you a bad person
I'm not ashamed.  I'm just broke lmao
I get that. I'm sorry lol
lol, last time I saw the dentist was in middle school, so something like 17 years ago
Get a cleaning, nerd!!
Last time I went to the dentist they made me feel so embarrassed and I left in tears.....
I just remembered I forgot to brush my teeth this morning. Better go do that.
You say that, until y’all accuse me of never flossing and proceed to give me three fillings
Floss more and you won't been fillings
Not a bad person but freaking careless about basic hygiene which makes you a bum.
Not a bad person, just gross.
I got a heart on my starbucks cup
I’m glad it made you smile but these comments reminded me why you can’t do anything nice.
Omg I always get a smiley, never knew they only did it at nice people
I got excited until I figured out this isn’t a love story and you don’t get the man’s number
The sequel to Now You See Me wasn't called Now You Don't.
I’m so glad other people are still upset about this too.
I have come to terms with a lot of things over the years, this is not one of them.
Not us
Now 2 See Me: 2 Fast 2 Magical.
If there’s a third one it should be called Now You Three Me
No, it'll be Now you see me, as well
Now you see me too
Now, you! See me.
What were three good things about today?
1.I watched Game of Thrones.
2.Arya saved the day. 
3.it rained earlier today.
Does anyone have dreams so surreal and lucid, leaves you a feeling of nostalgia and sort of depression for the rest of the day?
does this happen to you u/lerfer
i have a really sad dream and wake up weird but not the whole day
do you always remember the full dream or just remember that it was really sad
usually remember a lot of it
Yes.my sleeping pills cause them
Reddit can go from super wholesome to fucking toxic in no time!
It's a symptom of humanity
I’m a fat woman
Hi I like fat women, and there is nothing wrong with that. You be you
Obesity *is* unhealthy, however.
To the person I sat next to in Endgame (no spoilers)
Should have gotten that number!!
Next time!
So many regrets :-(
Is this a possible romance regret? Cause that's so cute.
Guy I sat next to was Michael, shout out to Michael. You're the man.
Make a post on Craigslist under Missed Connections. It’s worth a shot.
Hey, maybe you'll meet again sometime!. Then ask for his number👹 that was fate dammit
Post is spoiler free :)
You, mr mod, are bisexual now
I'm kinda bored and I wanna talk to someone.
my kinda hand hurts too
It suuucks.
I dont care a lick about the end game thingy, so if you have a risky click tag me in the comments and I'll let you know if its safe.
Kind of like the royal food testers of old, but without the risk.
Exactly!
I’ll help. Tag me as well. Saw it tonight but had some asshole spoil it for me yesterday.
Iron Man dies at the end
I disagree with your premise entirely.
My husband gives me his pillow every morning
This is the cutest fucking thing Ive ever read. I hope my future husband is even half as sweet.
I have been a long time lurker on reddit and if im lucky i will hit 100 karma today. What small things made your day a little better?
My friend gave me a free ticket to go see Endgame with him tonight.
I don't get to see it til sunday :( 
But have fun!
New music from my favorite bands just came out. 
(Neotheater-AJR)
Help combat climate change!!!
3.6
We're going for high scores, right? I need to up my burger intake.
Where did you calculate that? Can't find the link in this thread.
I unsubscribed from all the main subreddits of this website - especially the news and politics subreddits - and the world is already a brighter place just a few days later
Sounds like you just want to live in an echo chamber.
Free Subscriptions
Oh fuck thanks I have to cancel Minecraft realms
Uhh not after that new update you don’t
What is it free now or something?
I always set reminders on the phone.
I sadly learned this lesson with a $99 app.
Ugh, only if i saw this yesterday D:
I'm guessing there is a story behind this... so how much did you end up paying?
*hits blunt*
Aren't we all subscribed to life
.. It's costing us everyday.
so... I found a hamster in my room!
Ever watch the secret life of pets?
I saw two of my friends in our social circle kiss each other in a club.
Nice work mate......
Did you have a crush on Her, too?
Such a good post
Friendship!!
Now you have to pick between the two of them when they break up.
I need a friend like you. That's so wholesome. Want to grab a beer in Toronto? 😂
I can only dream that all friendship groups are as supportive and cute as yours 😁
hobbies?
I love making graphics designs and animations . Especially for other people’s Youtube or Twitch.
nice man, always a consumer for that sorta thing :) how long you been doing that?
Reddit has completely ruined all other social media for me
That's when you tell your friends that you... *reddit* already 👉😎👉
Lets discuss our favorite games of all time
Okami, oblivion, or Fe I think are my top three.
My husband has never had a peanut butter and jam sandwich, and frankly I SHOCKED!
How is that possible
Right? He blames his mother.
How so
She nevee made him one? She's weird. She used to peel the cheese off his pizza. Yea? What?
WTF, even so he could make one on his own
He's a simple man
Have you made him one yet?
Not yet. I told him we should go to the store to buy stuff but he just stared at me silently.
You should surprise him with a sandwich
It wouldn't be a surprise at this point.
Ah true
I'm 18 and haven't had it either, granted a peanut allergy may be a valid reason not to lol
Anyone wanna fall in love? - a personal social experiment
Okay sure.
Sometimes I forget I can just do stuff if I want.
i feel like this man just wanted to flex on us lmao
Important question on your edit.  Keto brownie mix? Share linky plz.
An Insanely Introverted Newbie Approaches :3
A good evening from here!
Evening you say, where in the world are you
From Australia. you?
California
Oooo. American timezones always mess me up xD
Well it's 545 am pst
Dang, you get up early. Or I just get up late lol
LoL, I'm up early because of work
That makes sense. What do you do for work if you don't mind me asking?
Due to a non disclosure agreement, I can't say
Oh okay. Mysterious..
For an introvert who can't make conversation, you sure say a lot. So well done.
What’s something you just LOVE the smell of that people would think is weird?
Burnt matches.
Mmmm
Oh absolutely! Especially when it’s first lit
My husband is a sleep talker
That's still a better script than Batman v. Superman
Aquaman 2’s looking good already
Have some random mod platinum!
How can you afford so many.
I love this so much! Please let us know when there are more!
What a ride!! 7/5 stars ⭐️
It just flapped
Be very worried when he stops talking and just smiles.
It makes me happy when, even in the most aggressive Reddit debates, neither person downvotes the other
Are u a heavy equipment operator? Ur username makes me think so
What, realistically, is the best thing that could happen to you today?
My children could be perfect angels today.
That would be pretty great! How likely is it to happen?
Well, so far they have been demon spawn today, but it's still early? I give it a 2% chance.
I am rooting for you and your kids :)
Thanks! Best of luck to you. I hope you get the job.
I could figure out what is causing all this pain I'm having
Physical pain?
Meet the love of my life.
somebody would call me to say they want to hang out whilst the weather is nice
Are you in the UK? I'm heading out into the nice weather soon :)
One thing I realized about myself is that the littlest things make me happy
For me it’s finding a pen that just writes so smoothly and fits in your hand perfectly.
Well do I have some news for you
I just got some mint soap.and I love it. Super cool smell for a soap
What colour is the number 5 to you?
green
Can you think of a reason why or are you like me and have no clue?
I instantly remembered my Mom's eyes which are green.
I was thinking blue, too, incidentally.
thursdays were the worst days! ha. jk. 5 q's!
1. Kpop
2. Alexandria
3. Motivation
4. Driven
motivationnn
In dire need 😐
you got dis! one thing at a time yo
1. Texas country
2. Stacey
3. the future
4. easy to be around
5. yes
ugh country
Gone to University at 27 and I just got an A for my first essay!
So proud of you ! You are the reason teachers like me wake up in the morning !
Oh thanks so much! :)
I went to uni at 26 and became a straight A all the way! Best time of my life!
That's great to hear. Good job!
Every single day for the past few weeks, a lizard has come into my backyard and done push-ups for literal hours straight. When I wake up to eat breakfast, I see him out there doing push-ups. When I eat dinner at night, he's still there. I think I'm going to get my ass kicked by a lizard.
Get him a lady lizard to distract him from beating your ass
Bagels are SO GOOD! What's your wake-up food?
This is my go-to breakfast food and waffles somedays.
Yesssss both are so good, but so unhealthy haha
any good songs or artists that you guys recommend?
Like rap at all? If so, I can send a couple songs your way.
Do you ever randomly catch a whiff of a specific smell and immediately think hey, that's the way it smelled in the spring of 2001 when I was playing Pokemon at my grandma's house
I only played pokemon at my grandma's in the spring of 1997, sorry.
Yes this has been especially vivid lately as this is a rough time of year for me.
Me every time I smell jasmine flowers
NO-my grandma died in 1986. I never played Pokémon. I was already married in 2001.
My mean cat is finally accepting me
It can, and will, retract its love, without reason or notice.
Just likes your room tbh
People think I’m crazy for deleting Facebook account, when actually I deleted my Facebook to avoid crazy people.
There is something fulfilling about using your current employer's internet to search for a new job.
Out of curiosity, what's your job OP?
Child Welfare Case Manager.
I'm 23 and still have no clue what to do in life.
Same. Want to talk about it? I don't have anything else to do 🙃
Anyone else prefer the cold?
love cold weather. too bad I live in LA.
My fiancé is writing a book and she just told me that the main character is based on me.
She's a keeper
I want this book.
Me too. I'll let you know when it's published. Might not be for a bit tho
It's been 6 hours. Is it done *yet*?!
No I'm sorry
I hope you didn't take me seriously, I was definitely just being funny :)
I know. I'm just weird and can't understand sarcasm sometimes.
Today I’ve decided to upvote more posts instead of just lurking and smiling to myself
I makes your thumbs stronger!
You know what, me too, here’s my upvote :)
Happy cake day!!
I’ve up-caked your, “Happy cake day.”
What would you do if you found an alien knocking on your door at midnight?
I’d be like “...what??”
It responds like:
Hey I'm sorry to bother you, can I come inside? I really need your help.
I know that some people get sad when they get downvoted for no reason so I spend a lot of my time on Reddit upvoting comments that don't deserve to be downvoted.
Me too!! And if someone comments on my post or comment, automatic upvote.
Also, boop have an upvote! :)
Ditto!
You guys are cute. Upvotes for both of y'all
And one for you, my friendo!
UPVOTES ALL AROUND!
Hey we're all gonna get laid!
Upvote for Caddyshack reference!
Upvote for the upvote!
Holy shit! We're doing it, Reddit! We're really doing it!
Am I too late to the party?
Hey thanks. Love you man
Love you back! 
Back autocorrected to bacon, which is also true. Lol
Thx.  That happens to me all the time!   Please upvote me!
You got it
Have some imaginary gold because I'm broke 🏅
Not all super heros wear capes!
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Sitting in the dark holding my baby
I'm about to leave for a job interview.
:o exciting!!! Are you prepared?
I think so! I went over everything this morning.
Good luck to you Ryann!
i'm literally just lying on the couch browsing through reddit (btw how's the kiddo doing?)
Shaking from the fever but blowing me kisses? So I’d say so-so.
I discovered my supervisors fart room
If this thread blows up....., why am I howling like such a child?
Best
Idea
Ever
Gonna search for a closet for me too
It will be a blast
He's found out we fart, kill him immediately
Stop lying. We all know women don't fart.
I’m pretty sure we fart butterflies and poop rainbows.
You store your cleaners in a closet?! Don’t they have families to go home to?
I’m colorblind and I tried EnChroma glasses today! I literally screamed.
Make sure to get yourself a pair!!
I would but they are $300 and I am a poor college student haha
Purple is my favorite. :D
I didn’t get to see purple sadly :( I hope to though!
&gt;I didn’t get to see purple sadly
r/brandnewsentence
That's awesome! Do you have any idea how those glasses work?
this is an ad.
Come to montana and try them on again
I was just visiting Montana a few weeks ago and man do I wish I had them
Awesome, which region?
Just wanna have a chat. How about you? I’m 30F AMA
I mean if ya want
Wassup
Not much. Got back from work late. Just chilling. 
What u up to
Putting off a college assignment. Just sitting in class looking at 4 words on a screen
What’s the assignment
How's that 1 year thing going?
I love my cat so fucking much
If you die at home, she’ll eat your eyes in the first two hours post-mortem.
Joined Reddit Today.
hello friend
Have you checked out r/aspergirls? That’s a pretty great community. Good luck!!
Hey man, I have aspergers too. Welcome to reddit, brother. You seem like a nice guy.
YOU FOOL. LEAVE WELL THOU STILL HAS THY CHANCE!
You're awesome
So I’m a hetero guy for sure. Work in industrial maintenance, yadda yadda. Not trying to prove anything. But my wife bought this charcoal face mask and rose moisturizing face mask combo pack from the Body Shop.
Industrial maintenance you say? Like 3p motors, generators, chillers?
I never realised people 'pay it forwards' in real life. Today a stranger paid for my cancer head shave
A small light can brighten the darkest days.
this made me tear up.. much love to you OP
Ive gone from a 75% in math to an 88%
75% is an A where I come from.
Damn that's crazy. 75 is a C where I'm from and 88 is like a b or b+
That's crazy.
That is awesome! Keep up the good work. And I love that you are still reaching a little higher. 
I kept a baby from going to surgery today
Not all heroes wear capes, some wear scrubs.
Or apparently, fecal matter and contrast.
I read this post whilst contrasting, I enjoyed it.  The post was top notch as well. 
How was the contrast?
Good day! What is a current goal of yours? Doesn’t matter how big or small!
To submit a passable essay by midnight tonight on a play I haven't finished reading yet
what are you doing to enjoy your sunday?
Starting off a new Skyrim character, more YouTube rabbit hole diving, redditing.
What’s the plan with the new character?
I write poems and listen to music that I enjoy.
Care to share one of your favorite lines from today so far?
I haven't written anything today that's actually good 
Ok,then how about your least favorite line? :-p 
I don't really wanna share it. It's too awful.
Give me your best joke!
Alright I got a good knock knock joke but ya gotta start me off
hellooo, knock knock !
Ooh a knock knock joke, alright who's there?
EXTERMINATE!  EXTERMINATE!
Oh the horses NAME was Friday!
What is happening lol
Hey I got a pretty good knock knock joke but you gotta start me off okay?
Ok, knock knock
Alright nice, who's there?
Idctbhname
Fish hit his had in something while swimming. Dam
Would you like it if a stranger in public yelled a compliment to you while passing by?
Yes because I’ve never been complimented before. 
Hey Reddit! I (24 f) just want to talk to new people!
Same here. I'm awful at making friends and I've felt a little lonely lately :/
Well then we should be friends! 😊
My boyfriend and I have started doing a “self-care day” one day a week, and it’s magical
there are other things people do on weekends that aren't fun or relaxing?..
I'm a Jamaican who wonders what people outside of Jamaica thinks about Jamaicans.
Y'all smoke alot of pot, have really deep voices, and run really fast.
You wanna get high? 
I think you do *mahn*
I would never assume all Jamaicans bob sled but I got a question for you.
Rastas, chill &amp; cool black people, and jamaican pie!
you say 'maan' at the end of every sentence.
I think of Ting and good food and banana Ketchup.
Ah weh yuh a seh yaadie? A wah a gwaan down a JA?
I really like living next to an airport.
its unhealthy to live near an airport. not tryin to bug you out but you should look into it
Post this to r/unpopularopinions
Sounds like Wythenshawe?
You ever see someone so beautiful that it made your day?
Yes I have. She’s my girlfriend. 
My daughter just convinced me to join reddit and I’d never heard of it before! What do I need to know?
Don’t tell her your account
I won’t promise 
It's 2019, I'm 35 yo and I'm watching The Princess Bride for the first time.
MAWWIAGE 
I read this in the commentator for kaguya-sama's voice
Mostly dead is almost alive!
LLIIIIIIIIAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!
I’m 37 and have never seen it
I'm 14 and I love that movie. Have fun storming the castle!
I keep hearing great things about this movie. I’m 32 and have also never seen the movie. 
where are you from?
And I've never even heard of The Princess Bride
I was born in 98 and even I saw this movie before you did.
you were born after jurassic park came out, so you're still a kid to me :)
Hi Reddit, I just want to talk for a second.
Hello, do you like ice cream? :)
I'm a sucker for mint chocolate chip. That's the go-to. What about you? :)
I like you. If you spoke, I'd listen 
Doubt you'll see this in the cascade of comments but this just resonates so hard I wanna cry
Its my birthday! 🎉
Happy birthday! I hope your last year as a teenager will be a fun and rewarding one! 
Thank you! I will definitely relish this last year of my teenage youth lol 
Wow hey it's my birthday too! Happy birthday 5 years younger twin!
Happy birthday, sweetie! Hope it continues to be an awesome one!
Happy birthday 
Happy birthday, and thank you for the cake! I wish you nothing but the best 💜💜💜
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! Happy birthday. 😃
I would like to see your hair to give you more detailed compliment
If only but this sub reddit won't allow me to post a picture. Maybe I'll post on r/ToastMe 🤔
Happy birthday! Glad to hear you’re having a good day!
Thank you! I'm having a lovely relaxing day so far although the weather is a bit dreary 
Ahh the weather is terrible here too. Also hello fellow Aries! 
Hey dude! Me too! We’re birthday buddies!!
that sounds like fun happy birthday!!! my 19th is next week
Ooh happy early birthday, what are your plans? 
Happy Birthday! I was enjoying my 7th birthday the day you were born :)
Happy bday! That's a beautiful cake
It’s my 30th birthday today.
Hey I turned 19 like 3 days ago! We celebrated with Italian food and donuts.
Wow happy belated birthday! That sounds so yummy! I had KFC, I love their gravy soooooo much 
Happy birthday! The wholesomeness of your post really brightened my day. 😁
Happy birthday!! I hope you’re a lot better at ice skating than I am because I’m awful😂
It was my birthday yesterday! April baby gang!
Happy Birthday
Thank you! I love your username it made laugh :')
Happy birthday OP! Hope you enjoyed your day to the fullest 🥳
Today (the 5th) is my birthday!! I’m 19 too!! Happy birthday hope you have a great one :) 
I don’t eat sugar that much so a virtual cake is enough thanks lol
You men sure get unnerved when you see a woman cry!
I think most people get anxious when they see another human being cry in public. 
Especially at work where you’re mostly just acquaintances
Are we not all humans?
real men dont like seeing women hurt :( 
r/gatekeeping
How do women act when they see a man crying?
Do you think that you could stand up right now and run a 5k?
I weigh about 280 and I'm on crutches.
So, yes. You're on.
Name checks out 
Trapped in an elevator with 15% battery.
This is why you should carry some emergency weed in your shoe.
I hope you’re not in Dubai 
Out yet?
Nope. Not yet.
If you were really stuck you would post your address and ask someone to help you out -_-
Party in a elevator 
Iron man in the endgame trailer
you have internet in the elevator?
I have a cell phone so yeah.
Got stuck in an elevator without my phone. I was counting the dots on the floor.
Did you establish a pee corner?
Playing Pokemon Ultra Sun, hatching for a certain nature with Torchic.
Nice! My brother loves playing Pokemon, I haven't played since I was like 11 so I know nothing
Norwegian grammar
Well that's interesting
Yay me! Today marks 1yr cigarette free!
That's a tremendous milestone! See you next year for 2 years cigarette free!
Man, I felt so cool yesterday.
Pieology? Or blaze pizza?
Neither! Pie5!
I was going to say Mod
Blaze pizza?
&amp;pizza?
Nope, Pie5. 
So you work at Mod pizza? 
My boyfriend and I have a snapchat streak of 1,352 as of 4/1/19
Lucky all my friends have lost mine multiple times 😢
I thought Snapchat died with the redesign a year or two ago
I don’t know anyone who doesn’t use snapchat 
Under 50 and I don't use it. I just don't have a life outside of work and the wife and kid.
Your wife could snap you pics of your kid while you’re at work :)
I don't even use Snapchat, but out of curiosity, can you clarify what a Streak is?
Introducing: The New Mods of r/CasualConversation! (Plus a bonus secret!)
H i
Who’s Essie and why don’t they exist 
Reddit doesn't know how to u/ mention users with underscores on each side of their name.
Hi mods. 
Hi overlords. Can I have a flair that says I’m the Ticklebjørn?
Phew, I'm here.  Did I miss anything?
Nothing sirius
This does not saturesfy my.
We should have a rule against puns....
&gt;The fools.
Fitting day.
Oh now what fresh hell is this?  
How exactly do you think a takeover will go? 
u/tizorres How'd you get so awesome? Huh? Huh?!?
I'm pretty sure you are the awesome one.
I just learned that for the past year, my girlfriend has been paying £50 extra rent on my behalf without me knowing.
That’s really sweet. 
I asked her about it and she just went well, you needed help
When you proposing to her hahaha
Does she have a green shirt and big gloves? Because she sounds like a keeper.
Ponytail and a moustache? Sounds like a Seaman lover!
If she likes using her legs, de gea-m! She's a keeper
Keep her and better not hurt or imma after your arse man
you have very good friends . since you pay in euro's are you from England or not ?
Thats the symbol for the British pound sterling
How do you pronounce the letter Z? Is it *zed* or *zee*? Lets settle this argument once an for all!
People say zed?’! Im the zee side for sure
Zed because I'm British.
I'm going to be sitting in this airport terminal for 32 hours.
I'm game, 32 hours is a long time. Where you flying?
Without going to sleep!? 
What is the correct order to get dressed?
For me it's pants, shirt, bottoms, socks. Sometimes socks before shirt though.
Am I the only one who puts the top half on first wut 
My butt gets cold
No way same high five! 
🙌
Butt... butt five? 
Underwear, bra, socks, top, jeans, sweater
Why do you put socks on so early I don’t understand ahhh! It feels so weird 
I just hate feet in general. I like socks but only when put on last
Interviewed someone that claimed to have done my job, at my former employer, when I worked there nine years ago
How do folks think they can fake IT work?   
Why do people/friends want you to like coffee or alcohol so much ?
Caffeine and alcohol are the most popular recreational drugs on the planet. It's a social thing
Hello, 3:26am insomnia. So what'cha all up to?
Laying in bed dreading my shift at work tomorrow
1:00AM PST Life is good Mama (wifey) just got back from ATL on business 
I just came back from a dentist appointment, my mouth is numb.
Today marks six years on Reddit...
Cake day twin?
#EAT ALL THE CAKE! 
WOO CAKE DAY TWIN!
it's cool that it's your cake day op. BUT IT'S ALSO YOUR MICROPHONE DAY!!! 
Triplet?
quadruplet?
Cake Day triplets?
Cake day quadruplets 
now you have to share a piece of your cake
I guess today marks seven years for me, I think? 
Japanese toilets should be a basic human right
Doesn't that mean your butt is wet when you leave? Isn't that mildly uncomfortable? 
No no, you just wipe once to dry your butt and then you’re good to go.
I'm hoping toilet san II will blow dry me instead. No offence to toilet san I
There is a dryer function on many models of toilet-San.  
I've never found it to be very effective tho.
私はもう死んでいる 
どしたの
NANI
I've been clean for 20 years as of this week.
Proud of you, OP. Keep up the good work.
Congrats!!!!! I'm so happy! I'm 7 years sober, it's a great life Hu? 
Welcome to the world of tomorrow!
You and futurama have the same anniversary, congrats!
I’ve been sober for 20 hours. 
4 more and you get a free keychain 
6 months clean today for me!
Job interview today, potentialy leaving a career I’ve been in for almost 9 years.
Yeah I'm here. Except my situation is much more fragmented and fucked up.
Oh no that sucks! How come?
They say your late teens are the best time of your life. Actually I think 25 and upwards is the best. That's when you stop leading life to impress or please, and actually start doing things because you want to.
Nobody says teens are the best years
I’m sure some people do
Im 25, about to be 26 in a couple months, and I'm still a total train wreck. 
My people.
Ayyye. 25 year-old existential crisis gang. 👌🏼 ha ha ha ha haohgodpleasemakethepainstopha ha ha.
I'm 26 and I can't do what I want because I don't have money.   ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
student loans? ahah
I'm 27 and I've never been more miserable in my life.
Rejoice! 
I turn 25 tomorrow. Thank you for this. 
I’m 18 in two days!!!!!
Who in the fuck says your teens are the best?
It's my 25th birthday. Thanks for this. :-)
I’ve given myself one year to get my shit together.
I hear you man. I hope you achieve it. I have been doing the same thing for ten years.
What are you doing? 
Y'all remember when there was gum stuck on everything?
It is you that has changed. You're no longer in the places where the gum is stuck. 
I'm afraid I'm a boring person.
Cultivate curiosity, ask questions. 
I will next time, thank you!
Tell me something good that happened to you today!
I'm drunk, does that count?
I met my Middle School best friend after 10 years of no sign of life. 
So cool! Did you just pick up where things left off or was there any kind of awkwardness? 
I wrote about it just now; feel free to check my profile. 
The girl at the Dubai Airport, hope you’re okay
To be fair, the Dubai airport almost brought me to tears several times during my time there...
Maybe you were both crying because the ice cream machine was down.
Why is everyone crying at the mcdonalds
As a guy, I wish I could do this. I always want to.
Can anyone wish me a happy birthday?
HAAAPPPY BIRTHDAAYYY MY DUDE &lt;3 
Kid next to me on this flight is unfamiliar with the concept of a remote.
How old was this kid? If it’s a teen, then I truly have lost hope for my generation.
No no no. That would shock my to my core no he's probably 4 or 5. 
Wait, they have remotes on planes? 
You ok there bud?
Ugh I hate kids like this. They make my generation look bad
Want to chat about something random?
How do you deal with self doubt? 
I'm willing to talk about anything so just start chatting away.
I'm doing very well thanks.
This lady smiles at me after a year and it felt really nice.
What race are you?
Take like a minute before answering this.
i feel like dogshit
Ahh, why is that?
oh it's just a usual thing
I don't feel much of anything to be honest with you.
Life is a huge (and not really funny) joke. 
Other than that, I'm doing okay. 
I want to learn more about you!
I'm a math and music god.
Have any math or music wisdom to bestow on a lowly mortal? 
I hate chocolate, but love chocolate cake 🤷‍♀️
I got a job offer!! I’m about 6 years too old and too late with no experience, but I’m so happy!
can you add a TLDR? I don’t want to read all that
I just had my first argument with a flat-earther, and I’m freaking exhausted!
Show me pictures from the Edge or GTFO.  
Done.
I am so proud of my country New Zealand
Love from the East Island.
Actually you guys justifed the terrorist's manifesto
How is that?
Did something happen? I don't exactly keep up with the news.
I'm moving to Japan in 4 days!!
You sound like me nine years ago.
Do you still live there?
Go to Ebisu, and go drifting. Just a thought...
On what fucking road in Ebisu do you imagine people drift? Seriously, I'd like to know.
Public ones, at 2am
I drive the public roads in Ebisu at 2 a.m. Could you be more specific, please?
There is a circuit as well, with quite a popular jump drift.
In Ebisu?
Still waiting to hear which public streets in Ebisu.
Dude. You're 31 and just starting eikaiwa? See you at the HUB!
The HUB?
-Never been to japan. 
-Believe you once spoke ‘fluently’. 
Fucking LOL. 
I try not to talk to women
Why do you think that they may interpret what you are doing in that way
Idk, but I see it happen a lot. 
I don't wanna be that person who harasses people.
I missed my very first cake day yesterday and I am unreasonably sad about it.
Have an upvote from me. 
👍
Happy cake day!!!!
I upvoted all of your comments and your post. Happy belated cake day my dude.
Happy cake day and hope for better luck next year 😂
You don’t just get karma for it being your cake day, lol. It’s arbitrary, don’t worry too much 
I think mine was yesterday and I didn’t even notice :(
I am so afraid to write my story in here because of my grammar.
Nice to meet you! You're English is great. 😊
Oh thanks! your comment cheer me up :)
영어 진짜 잘하셔요! 부끄러워 하지마세요\~ 
Just joined the Bone Marrow donor registry!
No experience but I'm on the registry too!
Awesome! How long have you been on?
For the first time since I can remember, this is the first time my family hasn’t been living paycheck to paycheck
What’s your Venmo username?
I don’t have venmo
I woke up at 7am today and haven't cried for two days.
Happy to hear you're having a good day!
Friendly reminder not to get a bunny/chick for your kids this Easter
People buy chicks and bunnies for Easter? Weird I've never heard of that 
I get a bunny every Easter, it doesn't last a day before I eat it though.
But the kids love rabbit stew and chicken nuggets.....
Hmm I know what I'll be sending you for Easter now.
More chicken nuggets?  Yes, please!  :-)
Hope you like McDonald's!
What's the lowest maintenance furry pet?
My husband always knows how to cheer me up
I mean my right hand definitely does cheer me up just in different ways
Minecraft scares me.
My favorite game that scares me is a game called life :D
My Daughters (twins!) were born today
congrats bro but you should remove your kids names from the post
Brag about something mundane
I can breathe
I saw the ocean for the first time!! I WITNESSED THE OCEAN!!!!!!
Where do you live? I find it amazing that someone can go 23 years without seeing the ocean.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Wait, do you always check if your neighbours are pedos? Where are you from?
That’s when good neighbours become, good friends~
I think it just happened!
What if your child doesn't want to live?
Not ready to come out and chill
Just your average Muslim
fuck u mud slime
Wait what happened? I’m out of the loop.
Hey man not good with words wish you the best and hope you and your family stay safe 
cloudy with a chance of meatballs is so underrated
STEVE 
Preach! Cloudy with a chance of meatballs is the best 3D-animated film IMO
I’m sorry but How To Train Your Dragon (1 &amp; 2)
Ratatouille?? 
Don’t forget a semi-related masterpiece “Sausage Party”... super deep.
Bought a house at 22!
Average home price is $500K in my town now.  Rent is $2000 a month. 
OH YEAH, Well i have a rent controlled apartment in NYC IN A GOOD NEIGHBORHOOD 
tbh i'm much more impressed by this
What’s your dogs name
What is your go-to movie? The one you watch just for fun and practically know all the character’s lines.
Talladega Nights.
Love this film! Ricky Bobby! 
Princess Bride and Raiders of the Lost Ark. 
It belongs in a museum! 
The A-Team
Is that the one with Liam Neeson? 
Yes it wasn't well received but I still enjoy it almost 10 years later.
I don’t know why but ever since I was a child the Wedding Singer has always brought me comfort.
Hey, /r/casualconversation, what's one hobby you're proficient in?
Music. Both listening and pplaying instruments haha
What instruments are you playing if I may ask?
Gunsmithing. Motorcycle mechanics. 
I saw the saddest face I have ever seen in my 37yrs of existence this morning
You’re a great father :)
Dude he had three kids when he cant a Ford it. That's being a terrible dad.
Get your main sub attitude out of here.
Dude don't worry, if he is old enough he will appreciate it alot! Much love from germany! 
This guy sounds like a Canadian. :-)
20 questions
Want to guess an object or just ask each other random stuff? 
Random stuff.  Fav food? 
Cinnamon buns lol
Favorite TV show? 
Thunderbolt fantasy 
Fav game? 
Twister? Lol 
I'll play 2.
Want to guess an object or just random questions? 
your pick
Favorite animal? 
AHH. I love them all. 
Cats are neat.
Favorite hobby?
Random questions? 
Sure. I’ll play. 
Favorite item in your home?
Pictures of my cat.
What is your favorite topping on ice cream?
Chocolate
Favorite season? 
Spring.
Do you like avocados?
Only in smoothies or for breakfast on like toast.
Favorite place to visit? 
Someone should start something like GrubHub but to bring medicine and chicken soup and shit to single people who live alone.
I think you can use Postmates for that. I've never used it though. 
Some grocery stores are now doing online ordering with delivery. I think Kroger and Meijer do.
OP, where do you live? I'm sure we could find a redditor who'd do it. :)
I got it taken care of, some super awesome dude on TaskRabbit got me.
A caretaker. You want a caretaker. 
Like someone attractive with soup just for you. A little weird but i like it 
Don't know where you're getting the someone attractive part. You made this weird, not me :p
I am playing Skyrim and I can’t get pasted this damn spider level bc I’m arachnophobic, like fuck you Bethesda
Lol bro thats like the first boss of the game. Just wait til you gotta kill dragons and shit.
Arachnophobia=irrational fear of spiders.
I know but you cant let that get in the way of the first boss
I like spiders, so I was kinda sad to have to kill it. 
Even tho I fucking hate spiders and I hope they all die, I still feel you man :(
From Prison to Straight A's
Strong work- definitely proud of you!!!!
congrats man! can i ask what you went to prison for?
I took some things that weren't mine when I was in the throws of my addiction.
Take it you're still now?
3.5 years clean
Good luck to you! I hope your life turns for the absolute best. 
How old are u if u don’t mind me asking?
Keep it up dude!
What is something you love that other people usually don't like?
Asparagus
You are going too far ...
Lol. Crazy i know
I love me some grilled asparagus
Me too 
The smell of adhesive tape 😊
Really? Like all kinds or just one brand? 
I just started watching Brooklyn Nine-Nine after hearing positively about it here on Reddit.
I love 99! The Halloween episodes get me good everytime 
It's Halloweeeeen
Ive been waiting to bait you to say that for the last 2 months😐
Fremulon... Not a doctor
Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool. 
Toit
Great show! It doesn’t hurt that Santiago and Rosa are dreamy AF
I’m a Gina kinda guy, she’s like a sassy Hila from H3H3 haha
Noice.
Title of your sex tape
Kind, sober and fully dressed! 
Santiago style!
Okay this is the post that's gonna make me start it later when I wake up
Awesome, passing it on! Thanks for letting me know 
Once you finish Brooklyn Nine Nine, watch Community (if you haven't seen it already.)
Since you're open you suggestion, don't miss Superstore and Last Man on Earth
I lost almost 15 pounds over the past 2 months and i’m pretty proud!
thank you! i didn’t even realize that!!
Bad.
Aplastic anaemia.
What's the weirdest compliment you have gotten?
You have a fish face
My little brother died for 15 minutes- so I’m giving my kidney away
Are they able to put an adult kidney in a baby? 
He’s 8 this year! 
Well I’m a donor myself. I’m willing to give up a kidney to anyone if I’m a match. 
I’m glad to hear that Nate! 
Wow you're such an amazing person! :)
Were they able to use your kidney?
We don’t know yet! Hope fully soon! 
Im transgender FTM, ask me anything
I’ll start... what is FTM?
Pre or post op
I haven't physically had any surgery or hormone therapy yet.
Do your friends and family know?
yep! I'm out to all of them
Just dropping by to say that I love you
Right back atcha!
*finger guns*
Pew pew!
High fives!
High five!
Down low!
Too slow!!!!
In the sky!
Idk who you are but I love you. Lol
💕💕
Your username...is kinda similar to 'friends' in my language. Mit~~o~~ro = Mitro = Friends.
I've got an English oral presentation. This is what I'm doing it on
Another shallow and empty post.
Like you
Still love you bro!
But you dont know me.
But why do you love me? Lets talk about that.
You don’t know me. How can you say you love me?
I might go live in a cabin in the woods?
Moving to my own apartment (no roommates, no partner) for the first time ever!
Congrats, that’s awesome. Hope all goes well. I’m trying to get my first place soon. 🤞🏽
I am drinking a tropical fruit smoothie
I love meatloaf
I hate tofu
I'll guess #2 is the lie. I hate Meatloaf (The Food, not the musician)
Never!! I don't hate tofu.
I’ve been to four continents.
I’m a college graduate.
I’ve never seen Star Wars.
I've been clean for six weeks now :)
Congrats! To another 6 🎉
clean from what?
well, congrats buddy. May those 6 weeks turn into a lifetime.
Opioid painkillers mainly. Also used to drink way too much
I am 78 days free from pmo (porn masturbation orgasm). We have our different demons. Congrats.
Oh fuck off
*looks at your username and walks right past you*
Lol! I'm kinda obsessed with nine inch nails. It's a lyric from them:) 
Sweet chinese lady who took my order corrected it to “no meat” because she saw my ashes
What are ashes
Ash Wednesday 
TIL: I'm today
congrat
thank
Ash Wednesday
Raised Eastern Orthodox (now Atheist), never ever heard of it until now.
dang, I was raised catholic and wouldn't even think twice about serving you beef haha
I thought about that too! I wouldn't try to correct someone's order, but Im glad she did.
What?? Ashes? We're you carrying an urn? Can you not eat meat after a funeral? 
Cheese in wantons? 
Miércoles de ceniza?
Wouldn’t want to eat beef and go to hell
Literally 
Ashes...? 
When God sends reminders.
That's nice! I got my ashes yesterday,IT WAS PACKED!
My grade went up and I almost have all “A”’s
That's awesome!!
Congratulations! It's always good to hear someone turn their grades around. 
I turned my grades around this semester too. I was doing so well but now I'm doing terrible. 
Wow that’s awesome! Spanish was difficult for me as well.
I’ve just cooked my first ever meal, context and a story below
You can also eat toast raw if you need to.
I texted my husband after my afternoon hike to see if he wanted Chipotle. He called me right after he got my text to let me know he was already in the parking lot and was just about to call and see if I wanted anything. So we ended up just meeting at Chipotle and eating together. It was nice.
I read this on the way to Chipotle! 
It’s perfect for when I’ve blasted through 600 calories in two hours! 
I have a sudden interest in hiking...
I love wholesome content 🌟
This is adorable, I'm happy you're happy.
I can only hope to have this one day. :)
You should post this on r/PointlessStories
My boyfriend came over a little drunk after a night out with his coworkers
Wholesome , now if you excuse me , I need to go cry in the corner all alone.
Is there room for me too? 
Ask if there is room in that corner for me too.
I guess we aren't alone after all 🖤
If he says it while he's drunk you know it's real XD
hahahaha ur welcome for the karma babe :)
A bot just wished me happy cakeday and it made me smile for the first time in a week.
I am a human and happy cake day!
Here have a virtual cookie. Happy cake day
Happy cakeday!!! Good luck on your last semester! You got this!
Thank you, Princess. I didn't know there was royalty in the comments. 
You're welcome! Wow! Thank you. I'm flattered. You know they say flattery gets you everywhere!
It’s my cake day also! We’re reddit twins!
!yaD ekaC yppaH
How did you turn your keep board around like that? 
Happy cakeday yo!
Happy cakeday! Hope your day was good!
No both of u
Happy cake day buddy! 🍰 🎉 
Hey we share a cake day!
Happy Cake day! How many years have you been a member? 
happy happy cake day!!!!!
#HAPPY CAKE DAY!!!!Have a great week OP and feel much better!
Happy cake day fellow internet stranger!
Don't be sad!! We're cake day buddies!!! 
Happy caaaaake day toooo us! Here's to many more! 
Just saw that we're actually cake day twins!!!!
Sounds like there is a lot of March 3rd cakeday bois. Happy cake day!
Yeah. Exactly 6 years!!
I wonder what we were both doing 6 years ago? Like, what was our first post we saw?
Love ya!
Happy Cake Day
Happy cake day and remember everything will get better &lt;3
Brother 
I love meeting a fellow Joey. We should start a club tbh. 
I was about to create a subreddit but you can't do that via the rif-app. 
We'll have our subreddit in spirit. Just you, me, and all the others Joeys out there 
Stop what you’re doing and take a minute to appreciate being able to breathe freely through your non-congested nasal passages.
Nope I have a cold
Joke's on OP
Why are you on reddit right now?
9:09am I’m just putting off cleaning my room tbh
Want to clean my room after you clean yours? 😬
How’s it going?
My day sucked but not shocking because my entire week sucked 
Oh no! What made it suck?
Just hanging out finishing up this tea and hen having some leftover Indian food after.
That’s nice! 
Today I am 100% sober for 1 year solid
Good for you! Also, 100 Demons is that good shit. CTHC forever.
Can't sleep... Got any un-popular opinions? Let's hear em!
It is near impossible to wear airpods and not look like a tool.
Children are ok
Agreed. Plus, they never stay in anyway. 
Pizza ain’t shit and neither is hotdogs 
Chocolate Ice cream is gross. 
I had diarrhea the first day/night of my honeymoon
Tl;Dr  You had a squirt gun fight with a toilet in Japan
Wow, pretty lucky for an unlucky situation! Congrats on the marriage, btw! 
Thanks so much! We are both late 20s, so it took longer than expected, but she's worth the wait.
What’s the point of marriage if you can’t even tell your wife you have diarrhea?
I think my friends have forgotten my birthday :(
I wish everybody would forget my birthday, I hate my birthday! 
Let's switch bodies
Happy birthday pal, I hope that your day will be good and your food be tasty tonight. 
To the one fan I made at my show tonight:
Can i listen to your music?
Sure! I'll message you a streaming link :)
Me too?
I bought my first car !!
Wow nice! I’ll be even more impressed if you aren’t financing. 
friday friyay 5 q's!
1. Just chilling
2. Kissland is dope
3. Not sure yet
4. My cousin, 
5. Bananas 
but the fking STRAWBERRIES
1. sleep
2. a few decent songs
3. hopefully never
4. boyfriend
5. strawberry banana
YOU HAVE TO PICK ONE A;KDSAFLKS
1. Clasico!
2. who? 
3. Depends on the wife
4. Seeing our daughter smile.
5. banana 
wow number 4 made my heart warm
Me and my best friend have developed the habit of saying Love you bro at the end of calls
Never stop doing this.
Signed, a bro who never hear his best bro's voice again.
Those of you who put “No Crazy Bitches” on your dating profiles: please just quit it. Slight rant.
Why though? It's a good way to weed out assholes 
My pet tortoise is too rambunctious.
Has she ever bitten you? If so how much did it hurt?
I came out and it feels good
Good for YOU!!! 
Today I overheard two women conversing on the subway. At one point, one of them legit turned to her friend (whose name was Becky) and exclaimed Oh my God, Becky! and it literally made my day.
Did anyone around have a nice butt? 
Hell yeah! 
Or so I’ve been told....
OP, do you have a big butt?
Don't lie...
This refers to a song?
My new boss has a first grader that comes to my office after school. Apparently this little guy liked me, and he lets me know about all the gossip about me.
1 st grader are fucking stupid as shit 
Sometimes I eat pizza with a knife and fork
I don't use for and knife, but I have been yelled at (?) for using ranch on my pizza
I am currently up at 2:28 in the morning- let's talk!
Which country are you located?
Le U.S. in New Jersey :D
Dear America, stop putting laugh tracks in your shows.
Oh, finally. I thought I was the only one who found them annoying.
I know right? Big Bang Theory is the worst for them. They practically say them every other line.
Fawlty Towers
Mr Bean
My life
*Hahahahahaa*
*Snort*
As an American, I couldn't agree with you more. It's so incredibly annoying. 
*basic laugh track plays*
thank god now i know it's okay to laugh at that 
Bazinga!
Good comedy shows don't need them. Just look at The Office or Brooklin 99. 
Was just about to say this. Parks and Rec as well.
If I'm not mistaken, they're all produced/written by the same people right?
They're all by Michael Schur (also The Good Place) 
I also believe the ranch is the same.
No, the last season the ranch added laugh tracks.  So annoying. 
Or Malcolm in the middle. 
Does this mean That 70's Show isn't good? *cries*
Ah yes a classic sitcom elitist. Go fuck yourself Mr Spell
How rude Mr. Flex Tape San
Rudeness is a necessary evil young Sir Spell. Only to be used when it's absolutely needed
In all fairness, The IT Crowd also has an annoying laugh track. 
But wasn't it filmed in front of a live audience? I think that's a little different 
Well, so were Friends and TBBT, doesn't stop it feeling out of place. 
It doesn't seem that out of place for Friends. The laugh track has a antiquated 90's feel to it
It seems out of place for a show that is not in the least bit funny. See: Big Bang Theory
Fawlty Towers, Black Books too I think
“Ok.” - America 
u/voltex49 hate you for pointing out laugh tracks. Guess were even with my subtitles.
Today is my one year anniversary of no soda!!
Awesome! What differences do you notice?
I’ve lost around 50lbs! Although that’s a combination of no soda, illness, and working out
Was going to say celebrate it with soda but I guess that's a bad idea right
I thought about it!
❤️
I drink a 12-pack of Coke a day. Got any advice for me?
Good job. Been over 3 years for me
Does anyone else have a SO who randomly makes up song lyrics?
Pretty much almost everyone in the world does this. 
I sing to my cats all of the time.  My spouse thinks I'm just a bit odd.
I’m at work. There’s no customers. How are you guys spending your Sunday morning?
Just got off work.  Killing time waiting for my car windows  to defrost
I was super drunk last night and texted one of my favorite co-workers i love frog
r/drunktext
Gonna cross post here now, shouldve realized this was a thing. Thank you!! 
What’s a stereotype that you fit?
Idk I think I fit the stereotype of a normal Swiss person lol
What about the cat eating stereotype?
I’m Mexican and find mowing my parents lawn therapeutic. 
Jaja, it is pretty relaxing 
You laughed in jaja and not in haha. Confirmed Mexican 
Why would anyone do drugs when they could just mow a lawn?
I fit the British stereotype of being generally avoidant and awkward.
TIL I'm British
Time to pack up and move to where the British folks are at. 
I'm Irish and I love drinking...
Teacher ... I ask a lot of question and give a lot of information. “Did you know ...?” 👩🏻‍🏫😂
I’m vegan and annoying (lol only sort of kidding)
I'm white and can't stand a jalapeno. 
But do you like mayo? 
Thankfully, no.
Middle-aged white guy really into World War 2 stuff.
Oh yeah I heard about that... Which country won? 
I'm Canadian and I love poutine and maple syrup
... not together... 
Together is the truly supreme poutine
Poutine is Quebecois.
It's become a national dish but yes, the French Canadians did invent it.
Well, international, since Quebec is a distinct nation.
Middle aged woman. Love cardigans, cats, books, plants. Garden has special rose varieties.
I'm a Jew and have a really big nose.
Also I'm russian and drink way too much.
Do you live in the Jewish Autonomous Oblast?
&gt;Bagelman
Yup, found the Jew. Fellow big-nosed Semite checking in.
Hey me too, is there some sort of club we can form?
Count me in also
Me three!
Hey I'm not Jewish but I love bagels!
*Quickly feels nose*
Kosher vodka?
I'm Dutch. Don't own a car, only a bike. 
But do you bike while smoking a joint on your way to pick some tulips?
I live in Utah and just learned that I’m Dutch 🤷🏻‍♂️
You should buy a bike soon
I'm a latvian and my main food is potatoes. I eat them almost every day.
British. I drink like 2-4 mugs of tea a day.
Teeth thing doesn't apply to me though, luckily.
Unfortunately I am that white dude that puts holes in drywall. Im working on it.
imagine the word: Gamer
yeah that
I, too, hate women and minorities 
Truly an epic gamer moment
Praise Geraldo
Rise up
How many waifu dakis do you own?
Less than you'd think, but more than you'd hope.
GAMERS RISE UP
Italian American here. Yes I'm short, fat, and loud 
I'm gay and I am sooo flamboyant...
I am a scrawny white guy and I love mayonnaise and sandwiches drowning in mayo.
I hate mayo so that’s my worst nightmare sandwich lmao. 
I'm British and like talking about the weather. 
I'm Dutch, and I looooove cheese!
I drive a subaru and I vape. 
i’m a blonde white girl and i like victoria’s secret and iced coffee :(
Im from the pacific northwest so I listen to a lot of metal and grunge, and I love rain.
Agalloch?
I'm an American in my 20s and I have depression 
I’m asian and I love white guys.
What do you all like to do on your saturdays?
I hate Saturday's I just feel lonely 
I agree
Eat pizza, I'm not even joking I eat pizza for dinner every Saturday
Homemade, store bought, or delivered?
Mostly store bought but sometimes I make them
Have you tried a mix of both? Buy a cheese pie and add toppings yourself 
I just confirmed that my roommate has been faking a relationship with a fake girlfriend. A girl that doesn’t even exist.
Honestly tho, if he ain’t hurting nobody, then let him do him. Whatever makes him happy. 
Harley
Does Harley like puppuccinos? He deserves some for all he’s been through 
He always gets a biscuit and tonight he got two because he’s been working so hard! 
Ask if you can take a pic for the subreddit!!!
God I love dogs lol
My girlfriend broke up with me and i need to talk about anything other than that to distract me until i fall asleep.
What're your favourite movies of all time? 
The 22.02.2022 won't just be a Tuesday. It will be my 22nd birthday!
That’s too cool
Get it? Two cool. Okay. Sorry. 
22.02.2020 is a Saturday, and my wedding is booked for that day. 
Crack open a bottle of Ruta 22 at 10:22 PM
that's alot of twos
I turned 24 today! 
Happy birthday fellow 22nd February person!
I’m getting married tomorrow!!
Tomorow you are getting your best friend for life.Good luck and all the best.
You got this, friend!
Big congrats. 🎉🍾🎈🎊 
Envious but happy for you both 
Happy Wedding Day! ♥‿♥
Hey, good for you. Best of luck, let us know how it went after the fact. :)
where is it? i want to go
We’re having it up in the mountains in our state! Might be a little chilly and snowy lol 
Yay! So happy for you!!!
Don't forget to embarrass your significant other with a little bit of cake on their face.
She’s gonna blow your brother in 4 years
Ive just woken out of an 11 month coma.
Apex Legends is the new Fortnite.
Fortnite is still a thing? I played a little bit during the christmas event.
Yep. There’s been a whole new Christmas event too, while you were in a coma.
Stardew Valley multiplayer is a thing now.  It's pretty fun!
I'm sorry to have to be the one to tell you; but all your favourite memes are dead. 
There’s no more porn on tumblr. 
this is the most damning news someone can wake up to. why u gotta do him like that
never was a tumblr fan to begin with
That’s the best response. It’s not “I’m not into porn“, it was “I’m not into Tumblr. “  :p
Why were you in a coma exactly?
Maybe I’ll get downvoted for this, but... I don’t believe you without some sort of proof 
Check out the new csgo ui! 
Xbox still didn't release any good games.
We’re genetically engineering babies now.
Science!
You’ve woken up in the future!
Happy sixteenth! How's the quest for driving going? ;)
Pretty bad. I'm fucking nineteen already and still can't drive without a permit.
r/nobodyasked
The world is WAY more pc now
We haven't solved climate change yet
You should try posting this on r/IAmA if you didnt do it yet.
I wish you a wonderful new life 
I will do that!
Very nice! See you in the front page :P
(Again, best wishes from pasta country) 
Post history checks out
go on r/AMA, and post this, much better there.
Did anyone see your first moments out of your coma?
YOU MISSED INFINITY WAR!!!! 
Why did you post here after your AMA request was deleted for lack of proof? 
It wasnt deleted, I deleted it myself, &amp; It was posted here first.
Why did you delete it? 
Didnt think people would want to see it if I couldnt prove it.
A picture of an egg broke the record for most liked picture on Instagram.
we live in a society.
So lucky you didn't have to wait all this time for the final season of game of thrones!
Welcome to the future, everything is chrome.
Great? cant wait to see what the mars rover is up to!
Can you sub to pewdiepie? 
I used to judge people for their “weird” orders at Starbucks. Decaf, soy milk, no foam, extra sirup... “Can’t you drink a normal coffee like everyone else you freak”. But today it changed.
This is called growth.
And aging...
Some people age and don't grow much at all.
Some people grow too much and stop aging.
Morbid obesity?
elephantiasis
RIP Andre the Giant
touché
I never understood why anyone cares what other people enjoy. 
A lot of people are enraged by anything different from themselves.
I can’t believe you’d think that way
That's NOT funny!
Oh fuck, my bad
Don't apologize, I don't need your pity.
🎵In-se-cu-rity 🎶 
A lot of people also have diabetes and need sugar free drinks. 
My question is why even get a latte if it has no caffeine?
Why don’t you just order an americano or a regular coffee no cream?
People enjoy coffee without the caffeine?
There are tons of caring Americans.
I love this post, my guy. 
I’m not your guy, pal.
I’m not your pal, dude. 
Out of curiosity, what state did you first move to?
I’m having a great morning, how’s yours?
im so bored at work and sleepy 
That sucks...
Hope you have a great night!
Thanks! How’s your day going 
My day is really good! I’m Visiting my girlfriend, haven’t seen her I 3 months.
absolute trash.
As a father of three children and husband of a fairly sensitive woman
Need me a freak like that
Need me a daddy like that
ŌwŌ
 ÜwÜ 
/* notices bulge /*
Stay back I'm warning you
°cums closer°
5-foot radius!
Just shoot him !
This is a no UwU zone. Pay the courts a fine or serve your sentence
does he suck toes? nah he just wants to be a leader 
 husband of a fairly sensitive woman   omg still laughing...  Me too brother, me too
Mine cries at parades and when she thinks of cake.
How does she feel about the fact that swans can be gay?
That's been 3 years? Wtf 
I ate a piece of my wife's sushi earlier today and she says her heart still hurts from it
wait what. Sounds like being cucked. but good for you
I like yellow. What’s your favorite color? 
Green!
Turtles!
Are you sure you're a human being? 
Please mark all the pictures with Lampposts in them.
Hello fellow EarthLing..my favourite color is grey,what's yours?
Well human it's pastel pink or any pastel color really 
I really like pink, black and purple. How about you? 
Blue with a slight green tint. I just bought a shit ton of blue-ish fountain pen ink.
Damn I only have one pen that's pastel pink but it looks like a really shitty pastel pink. 
That's a damn shame, really. I can imagine that on some cream-colored paper. Mmmm.
Yes exactly! I bought paper just for it and well would you look at that it looks like crap!
My favorite color is specifically royal purple cus its just so....*regal*
My oh my your highness I am but a mere peasant *bows* 
Lol its good of u to know your place 
What are you guys most looking forward to in 2019?
getting looking forward to the end of game of thrones
Getting the all clear on my Hodgkin’s Lymphoma.
Best of luck to you!!
I’m drunk and I want to know what’s going on in your days lives
Terrible what? 
Well, I'm staying home today since I couldn't sleep last night.
A night at home just can be very relaxing. How come you couldn’t sleep though? 
Thinking...
I could kill myself and no one would care. Would be like I've never existed.
Well.. someone's gotta clean it up.
Is this a joke?
No joke.  Someone's day would be totally fucked.  I hope that makes you feel a little better.
Well realistically no actually. There are people who have jobs to handle such things.
Waiting on pizza delivery.
Aye lit. What kinda pizza? Please tell me it has pineapples 
It does indeed have pineapple on it. Nomnomnom.
Yesss 
Good morning! My day is going to be good. Might head to the aquarium. 
Heyyyy!! Takes lots of pictures :) 
Does anyone else wish they had someone in their life that would just tell them, Everything's going to be OK or I've got you?
It's gonna be ok. I believe in you.
yeeeees i feel this all the time 
I love you. We'll get through this.
Yep. But i dont. Cause i am the who does that but no one ever does that for me
I spent 3 years in prison. Dropped out of college when I was 20.
Congrats man. 
Just wanted to say I love your positive attitude! 
I’d like to study Nutrition
It feels good to brag a little dont you think ?
I'm just proud of myself I guess! Though school is a lot of work, I spend all my time studying.
Yes, me too dude
computer science
Right on
Congratulations. I shall pray for your further recovery and success. Godspeed on your journey. 
Nice work fam 
Who else is pumped for spring?
I'm just looking forward to my birthday in May.
Looking forward to my brother's in March.  happy early birthday to you!
My brother's is March 28. Happy early bday to your bro
That's literally only 7 days apart from my brother's on March 21. Neat.
yo my birthday's in may too! When's yours?
May 14
mine's the 17. so close.
My Bday is in may too what day.is yours?
I can’t wait for daylight savings time...getting dark at 5pm sucks 
I haven't been out in ages because of this.
I'm okay with it right now. I don't wanna mow the yard lol. 
I’m learning to ride a motorcycle this spring! April can’t come fast enough!
May 7! Turning 39!
April 15th! 
39 as well!! 
(Are we happy for that though?)
I upvote comments that are cordial well-formed arguments even if I disagree with the POV of the comments.
I thought I was being too soft! But I do this all the time.
I’m glad I’m not the only one! Otherwise threads become echo chambers.
I get downvoted everywhere since I feel like commenting when I disagree.. my karma is leaking
Yeah, no one believes that.
Do you ever spend your whole day lounging in bed?
Yes. Today being one of them.
What do you like to listen to?
I personally enjoy dubstep alot, one of my favourite song being Pyromaniac - Sound Stabs
I broke down and spent all day cleaning my apartment - and I learned how important cleaning is to mental health in the process.
Good going, OP. Jordan did have a point.
it’s my cake day so i wanted to post
Cake, ice cream and mojito, not necessarily in that order
Still not sure what cake day is, but happy birthday? This too shall pass. 
My cat heightens my mood everyday, I couldn’t be without my boy.
Boys should be cared for too
I think men should be treated very lovingly and affectionately and spoiled too.
Recently lost 30 pounds and was told that I was hot
Take it as a compliment and enjoy it.
Haha I lost 60 pounds and all I found out was I wasn't ugly because I was fat. I was just ugly.
Not trying to diminish your accomplishment but it is possible he was embellishing to get laid.
How'd you do it?
What lose weight? Or get laid? 
Found a redditor at the movie theater today.
Yikes
Reward that man one yike point
Is that a currency
But is the movie good?
I can see through the lies of the Jedi, and the CGI
Sounds like a path to the dark side, to me.
Me:  How the hell did OP know he was a Redditor....
Also me:  Oh, yeah for sure. 
Did he have his fedora in his hands or on his head?
Apparently I'm so awful I have a cult sermon about me
Imagine what it’s like to be that stupid lol. How frustrating life must be. 
but, if all you gotta do is pray the trouble away...
Let me guess they're JWs?
Sounds like it.
Reverse AMA!
go ahead! I'm an open book!
What is the name of your book so far? 
I’m an open book. Ask me anything 
If it's not too late let's go!
It isn't! How would you describe the typical fan you know of your favorite teams?
ask me :)
I'm here. 
boop
I just love how we consider the mars rover to be almost like a family pet.
He was a good boy.
The best boy
I love how we don't realize the family pet is the size of a minivan
Humans will pack bond with anything
That's why Earth is the capitol of the United Federation of Planets.
True, I pack bonded with your mom last night
I love you all.
I needed this. Thanks, OP. Love you too.
Accidentally trolled a woman while I was getting flowers today
Okay. This story made me laugh. Thank you. 
I'm starting laughing about it. It was spur of the moment and I'm glad I seized it.
LOL got a laugh from me!
You'd be surprised how many times I've heard this for real as a florist... 
How sweet of you to get your wife’s friend flowers too!
Well she is my second wife and all :)
.. Username checks out?
We hold these truths to be self evident
Do women actually like flowers anymore? Or do they think it's trite, like holding doors?
I'm married to a walking success story
Now to make sure to save $ and be frugal!!!for rainy days 
Yessss!! I wanna see 7 figures in that savings account lol
That's cool, gives me (a computer nerd who gets bad grades) some hope
Is your husband single?
Oh man you owe him a 3 some lol
looooool omg
he probably thinks so too
Can I be your baby sister? 😂
Don’t get your hope up to high. He’s probably about to divorce you and marry a supermodel. 
I bet he thinks he earned it all lol
If you have 0 spending money don't have a kid lmao
65,000 a year is broke? 
Yikes. I guess I’m worse off than I thought. 
+1
im here earning 18k pa :(
It's just a day. There's nothing special about it.
As long as the liqour store nearby has the same deals as last year, im fine with today.
You think I have friends???
Hi. I'll be your friend
Who wants to play a guessing game?
let's give a try, why not
Who's the punisher? Frank or Jimmy?
Hey can I still play?
Yes!! Would you like to think of a thing or guess? 
Guess 
Okay I'm thinking of a thing. Go ahead and ask anything. 
Ok is it a person
Neither 
Ok can it be found in a persons house?
Can you pick it up in one hand 
Yeah 
can it be found in the kitchen
Is it for cooking 
Here let's just start again here:) 
Is it an animal? 
Ok no it is not a animal
Hm is it man made? 
Is it edible? 
Is it bigger than a fridge?
Hey! You still here to play?
Sure am! Would you like to guess or think of a thing. 
I'd like to guess if that's alright!
Okie doke! I'm thinkin of a thing:) 
Alright, is it a food?
Yes :) 
Is it a dessert?
Is this dessert made of mostly chocolate?
It can be
Do you cut this dessert into slices?
Do these desserts have icing on top of them?
They can but they don't have to. It's about 50/50 if it does or doesn't. 
Are they baked using dough?
Can they be baked with chocolate chips inside of them? :P
They sure can lol 
Are you thinking of cookies? :D
Here we go, i've got a little tricky, so here is a hint: it's alive
Okay is it an animal? 
yes and no
Ummm... is it something most people have ever seen in their life? 
yep
Do we eat it? 
Do we bake with it ?
Is it yeast? 
This post is a boy appreciation post
I'm balding.
Don't worry, I bet you are cute too, the hair doesn't make a men.
**Grabs notepad*
&gt; Be yourself
Well, shit.
Idk if anyone would like me jumping off tables and calling people gay all the time
I'm gay and now i want to do those things
Let's get some tables in here, stat!
*that's gay*
\*Kratos voice\*
......boy..
*Arthur Morgan voice*  
&amp;#x200B;  
.....boah..
Where’s ya god damn faith?
I have a plan - Dutch
We just need more MONEY!
One more score.... and we’re gone.
The cutest thing guys do is just being so innocent and unsuspecting. 
\*doesn't notice your bulge at all, is completely unaware\*
Yep, act like you don't know you're worth staring at *while* they stare at you.
my username is the person I strive to be everyday
Am a boy who likes boys. Can confirm, boys are cute.
Is a guy who is pansexual, can confirm, everyone looks great.
genuine question, what's the difference between pan and bi?
Damn. Recently I have been going through a lot and I have been feeling down. Thank you very much
Bro same my girlfriend is in the hospital and I've literally never been so stressed in my life
Is your name really Stefan? That's pretty cute. I like that name.
With all the “fuck men” announcements, I’m a big fan of this post. You made my day op
100% we need to normalise complimenting boys like we do with girls 
I’m a month away from 20 years old and haven’t had a single relationship yet, I needed that.
That's really normal for Gen Z, FYI, if that helps to know.
That last paragraph makes me think die Antwoord wrote this 😂
&gt;Short boys
#IM FAMOUS
Also beardie boys.never underestimate the cuteness of a beard
I don't know if I'm cute or not.  I don't think so.  I'm a BIG boy.
I fucking love a thick man. Love yourself because big men are beautiful 
Trans boys..?
WE DEM BOYZ
Hey OP, I think I have feelings for you bc I'm dumb. Let's talk! (But this is sweet thank you:))
&gt;trans boys
it feels good to be included :D
thats kinda gay man idk
You skipped ugly and weird boys
Lol girls don't like chubby boys trust me
Some of us definitely do
Why 
why'd we need to include trans boys?
Hey dude fuck off
because they're also boys, my guy
being transphobic isn't very cash money of you
it's not transphobic, it's real. 
Men are shit
Some are, but some girls are too.
But much more men are much more shitty
Smells like “I just got broken up with” to me
I think I’m going to hang myself
Don't do, you have amazing drawing skills.
Where did you get that from?
What about the brown boys? We need loving too.
She didn’t specify race, why do you have to? Everything on this post is universal my dude
my brain is trying to tell me otherwise
Oh yeah, what about when I'm lying in bed, going on my phone
I bought a train ticket today did I look cute then too 
thank you stranger happy valentines day!! 
OP horny AF
what If I'm the one calling me ugly
Sounds like she's trying to take your friendship a step further, my dude. 
I'm gay
Spoiled infinity war for my friends; i still count?
i draw porn as a profession. does that count
Is it furry porn?
I feel appreciated as fuck 
Dude me too 
It’s a foreign feeling. Almost uncomfortable. I don’t know if I like it yet. 
Trans boys aren’t boys
AmI still appreciated if I’m a nineteen year old young man? 
Weirdest coincidence I've ever experienced.
So, When are you going to say just the Hello ?
I did right after I dropped him off at school.
I just walked into Home Depot after work, and one of the employees asked me if I was doctor (because I was wearing scrubs) when I replied “Yes” he said “Hell yea! Keep up the good job saving lives man!” And that completely made my day.
What kinda doctor are you?
Neurosurgeon. 
Neurosurgeon with a sense of humor, Ron Burgundy is your profile pic.
I’m an OR nurse, and neuro is one of my favorite services to work!
You have good energy. I approve. 
I think you should do an AMA.... we clearly have lots to ask :)
Trying to finish up work early so I can day drink and play videogames
I had a 3 hour panic attack last night :( thanks ptsd
I'm not your buddy, friend!
Have you checked out Apex Legends? 
Anyone else always look forward to weekends, but when they arrive, you find yourself sitting home doing nothing and wasting them?
Friggin winter, man. 
This! Weekends in winter are for watching movies and not trying to do too much work, IMO. 
Winter + regular depression = super depression  
Super depression + chocolate = super depression, but with chocolate. 
Currently doing this rn! :)
Yup, procrastinating on Reddit is what I do best 
It's what everyone on hear does ;)
i here you
We're are you?
What's for dinner tonight?
Chili. Has been my go to dinner lately.
Leftover pork tenderloin bites and rice. Simple but yummy
Pulled chicken and quinoa.
I no longer use social media and feel less depressed, anxious and worried.
Is Reddit not social media?
I had no idea what to make my username. I tried to put whyme, but pressed D by mistake. 
Cassy and Cat were my nicknames in high school.
I just used my name. 
My daughter just asked if I was alive in 1989.
I can’t wait for 1989 to be the new 1889
For me it's the 1996 to be like 1896
I want 2002 to be like 1002.
DEUS VULT.
Hell of a username, my dude
I can wait...because by then I’ll be old and my bones will hurt.
Can you imagine what the world will be like in 2089?
Insightful
I was talking to an 18 year old co-worker who wasn't alive during 9/11... Jesus.
I had no power or running water for a week after Hurricane Sandy.
How did you use the bathroom?
I was alive when the internet became available.
😔
Pshhhkkkkkkrrrr​kakingkakingkakingtsh​chchchchchchchcch​*ding*ding*ding*
Are you shooting me?
😄
No, I think that's the noise AOL made when connecting to the internet.
I was alive and there in the 1906 earthquake
Isn’t it crazy expensive living there?
haven't felt this lonely in a really long time. does anyone wanna talk?
Hey, what's up? 
just laying in bed on reddit as usual
Haha, is it late where you are? 
hi how are you?
I'm good. U feeling any better 
i stopped crying but no i wish 
That's a start.  Where u at 
in my bed at home 
Dont say in the dark.  U in the usa
no it's daytime
I'm new to reddit. But not chatrooms.  How bout u 
i've been on reddit for a year with this acc
Ok  what u want to talk about.  Unless u wanna tell me what's wrong 
what kinda music do u like?
I like rock.  Tool stone temple pilots    90s really. I'm stuck there.  Lol.  And you
U still around 
yeah still sad
Do you have any pets? 
yes a snake and a pit bull 
I’ve never had a snake before. What are they like?
How can I be less shy online?
I'm literally in the same situation lol
Same. 60+ days here and my karma is 10. Hahahahaha!
I said no to opiates, twice.
Good for you.
I have an unsavable tooth as well; just been sitting here for like 2 years lol
Trust me, it doesn't get better! 
Opiates? More like NOPEiates amirite?
good job! be proud!
Say nope to dope!
Well no wait, you can still have that.
Embrace the pain. Master it, make it serve you.
Great job man! I hope the tooth doesn't hurt you too much
I got offered a job a while ago, but they told me wearing lipstick was a requirement.
That's really creepy for a bunch of reasons. I cringed while reading this 😬
Do adults actually care what a senior is gonna do after high school, or do they just ask because that’s what you ask a senior?
Uh, they care!! Obviously! Isnt it only your family asking you??
Nope. 9/10 times when it comes up that I’m a senior they ask the question no matter who it is
And how often does that come up??
About every time I meet someone new or see someone for the first time in a while
Thats way more often than should be 
I'm approximately 39 chicken nuggets tall.
How many if you went by thickness of the Nuggets?
About 193 chicken nuggets if you round up.
r/TheyDidTheMaths
I'm about 36.5 nuggets. You're a tall dude.
I owe my height to chicken nuggets.
Im only 33 chicken nuggets tall. 🤦🏽‍♀️
r/theydidthemonstermath
I'm only 34.5 :(
I'm slightly over 33.
I'm 32 nuggets, fight me :(
I'm only 5 Subways tall.
Not only is it your cake day but regardless of you're height you're priceless!
And 30 nuggets, which is still easy math. 
For me, there is no such thing as easy math.
My brain is too tired to do math
Don't worry I texted my friend before I posted it so they could verify I did the math correctly.
Is your friend a mathmagician?
I came here thinking the was a picture of 39 nuggets stacked next to you
Jesus are you 12 
I’m 34.5 chicken nuggets tall. 
If I'm 5'4, how many nuggets tall am I? I'm too bad at math for this rn
This is super convenient considering I also am 6’4” tall!
As a math teacher, I kind of want to make my kids find their height in chicken nuggets now...
Well fully grown male here and I'm only just over 33 why are you all so tall
Let's play a game of truth or dare!
Truth, please.
What is the first thing you see that is not your phone screen
A plastic container of Tomtastic premium cherry tomatoes on the kitchen counter.
Hell, I'll take a dare
I dare you to do 50 squats in a row. No stopping.
Why did I say dare. Well I'm off to do 50 squats.
Make me an mspaint (or equivalent) meme. 
What's the pettiest thing that makes you mad
What immoral thing would you jump to do given the opportunity/power to? 
What's your biggest pet peeve 
I'm curious to see what dares pop up ?  
So dare 
Make or reply to a post in /r/explainlikeiama. Link it here! 
My Teens Said They Were Glad I Was Home Today!
You sound like a proper nice mum.
It's always a good day when Mom is home. 
Alright, I'm going to drink only water every day for this next week. Wish me luck! Extra details in the post.
You have the blessing of r/hydrohomies
Good luck!!
No, I do not.
hey, join r/hydrohomies
perfect subreddit if you wanna keep going. doing this since a month.
WISH YOU LUCK 😁😁
when you’re in the store and see soda prices, water is cheaper. keep that in mind.
Thank you!Noted! I'm always up for saving a dime, so this will help!
I can sing my girlfriend to sleep, and it just makes me so happy that I can. Any of you with a similar superpower?
So what you're saying is that if you were a pokemon, you'd be a clefairy? Nice
Jigglypuff*
It’s 7am. I’m snuggled up on the couch in my pajamas while my boyfriend makes us pancakes. Life is happy.
In a few months we get to hear about your break up and you crying.
Enjoy it while it lasts
Anyone want to talk about anything going on, I’m bored....
I got a new MacBook Pro today!!!!!!!
Awesome!!! What year?
Just watched the last episode of The Office.
Favorite character is Dwight.
Dwight is awesome!
Beets
Battlestar galagtica
Saw a back to school ad on tv and immediately felt anxiety, until realizing I graduated years ago.
I STILL have nightmares of project deadlines coming up and I graduated almost 10 years ago 😫
I'm still having dreams of school and reminding me of how close school is.
I still get a anxiety when I hear the phrase “PowerPoint presentation.” 
*shudder*
Lol oh yes for sure. Another one for me is Group Project
Nothing matches the sheer pain of knowing you go back to school early August
Let's start a compliment chain! You comment something you like about yourself and then reply with a compliment to someone else! :) Let's put some positivity into Reddit today
I like my hair
I scanned your profile and you seem like you would be hilarious
And you seem like a genuinly nice person
I’m a 21 year old guy who just got promoted to the assistant manager position at Target!
Congrats , thats awesome, how much is the pay now ?
Congratulations! I hope you one day you become a real manger!
I finally told someone IRL how I truly felt and now am getting a therapist
Catharsis is reinvigorating.
Lmao rip
Have you heard of, or read a book called: It's kind of a funny story by Ned Vizzini?
Are you 17 years old or are you 16 years old with a birthday coming up?
17 and turning 18 in September 2019
On the 11th?
It's Friday! You made it through the week!
I work today tomorrow and Sunday lol
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, I used to work like every weekend, it was terrible.
Best part is it’s for 8.25/hr and no benefits
We all start some where! You'd be surprised where life takes you with a little hardwork.
Sure if I was 17. I’m 31
I've got a full weekend with my husband! First one since our wedding. Time to... relax I guess?
When did you get married?
I haven't smoked weed in a month and a half after smoking basically every day for 5 years.
Congrats man, I quit a couple years ago and I’ve never looked back
What was your reason for quitting, bud?
Just got sick of not doing anything.
Fucking SAME, brother.
I deactivated Facebook and am amazed that I don't miss it at all!
I'm finding Reddit to be more of a time suck. But a good time suck.
Ha! I will try not to let Reddit become my new FB!
Yh I actually enjoy using it because it’s very interactive
For once I'm handling all my sh*t like an adult!
👏 GO 👏 YOU
Mentally I'm replacing each instance of 👏 with fuck, lol
Mentally I'm replacing each instance of fuck with fuck, lol
Mentally I'm fucking each fuck of fuck with fuck, fuck
Fucking I'm fucking fuck fuck of fuck fuck fuck, fuck
r/increasinglyfucked
What I love about ravioli tbh is all the orgasms
I am happy for you. Keep it up.
Yes! Next step: making real money and saving ✓
Weird flex, but ok
Shut up meatball
What kind of internship?
I purchased some candy today, and I was wondering what your favorite candy/flavors are! More information down below!
Black licorice. My 3yr old daughter loves em. Always steals my good n plenty.
How cute!
What's your favorite candy to eat... on wednesday?
***pop rocks***
Pop Rocks
Which flavor?
Definitely Cherry, extra points if it’s the gun kind
Gun kind?
So, what type of music do you guys listen to?
Psychedelic rock, folk rock and blues!!
Edm.
I have a playlist on my Spotify list. It's going alright.
Nice. What are your favorite artists?
I recently discovered synthwave which I'm pretty into right now
Cool. Not sure if I heard of it, but will chevk it out. What artists do you listen to the most?
If your socks are dry right now, take a second to be thankful
It's 40 degrees in my country right now. *Dry* is becoming a very relative concept.
Just a physically disabled girl looking for friends
My name might put you off but im a regular guy! Hows ot going? 😅
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 You're awesome! I'm doing good 😁
❤❤
Your username is funny to me
Bruh i just want ass 😂😂😂😂🤠
Hey how's it going?
I'm alright ... How are you?
I'm doing alright thanks, how's your day/night going?
My night is going good. Technically it's about to be morning (12am)
Do you like human mythology and music?
hey gurl what’s favourite music?
I hope you don't mind me asking, what is your disability?
I don't mind at all ☺️ It's called Spina Bifida
I’m no longer a homeless Veteran!
That's awesome! I'm so happy for you.  :)
Yee Yee! I just moved all my stuff in today.  I’m pooped.
Isn't it great though?:)
I always loved that feeling when I would move into a new place.
That’s awesome!! Keep it up and thanks for your service!! The tigers suck now btw
Well my Braves are slumping since the ASB.  We just dropped two games to the Royals...😳
Thank you. For the post. For offering to talk.
Ooh-rah from this Marine. Glad your shit is getting sorted.
Send me some crayons good sir.  What color tastes best?
If we're gonna talk about baseball, the red socks are the best no doubt about it
Be happy and take care my man!
I just want to give you the biggest hug! Congrats, and keep that positive outlook!
Yay! Go Braves!
NMHTBDITMAIIPC!!!!
What’s your favorite mlb team
I hugged the pizza delivery guy. Because he needed it.
So i cried reading this, this is amazing. You are amazing.
No, you're amazing!  Chin up!
Bro. This shit brought a tear to my eye. I wish someone would notice my pain and do this.
Virtual hug in the meantime? *HUUUUG*
Man that pizza must've had loads of onions cause my eyes be crying like crazy
Perhaps his boyfriend simply turned into the moon.
Still rough though, buddy.
I never knew sokka was gay
Or that uway was a guy
references don't need to match 100%...
Good enough for me
My dad gave me the nicest compliment I've ever received.
He sounds like a really wonderful guy. I’m glad you have him as your dad.
I'm really grateful to have him around :) I owe everything that I have to him.
Does it matter? Jeez..
Yes, it does.
Because it allows me to better understand the context of this conversation.
What context is there? Their dad paid them a compliment. It’s pretty straightforward.
Is it father-son bonding or father-daughter bonding, though?
What difference does it make?? I really don't understand what the point is lmao.
Completely agreed.
Imagine receiving compliments from your dad :')
Take care of your of him, OP.
My dad's a prick
I'm sorry
It's not your fault
Maybe it is
I also have a dad
Let’s ask each other questions
Also 19F, currently in college, what about you?
Also in college, about to enter 2nd year. Polsci major
What do you like to do in your time off?
Comtemplating on everything about life—its existence in general
F/29 here. Hiiiii, nice to meet you! 
What's your guilty pleasure? 🙃
I'm drunk and I love you.
Can you love me if you don't know me?  Or can you just love me because I don't know you.
Are you still drunk and still love us, after 9 hours?
I need to settle a debate
I'll take anything with sugar and milk in it
*proceeds to make Pepsi with sugar and milk.*
That'll be 5 bucks
Personal preference 😁
Damnit logic has no place in this! :P
P.S. I prefer tea 😁
Bored, have too much time and want to have a good chat with some nice people
I like chatting!
Cool! I’m free most of the day! Pls talk to me I’m bored lol
Hey! What do you want to chat about?
Hey, how ya feeling?
I just got adopted. As a 24 year old adult. Life is good.
❤️ I’m not crying. ... I just have a little something in my eyes. 
Congrats on your adoption!
I strongly second this! &lt;3 :)  
Also, OP, are you Finnish?
Dude holy Moses, I was just browsing subreddits and I come across this... anyone got a tissue?
I think everyone who has read this is crying!😢😢
When you say skating, do you mean figure skating?
Also I’m very happy for you and your family!
Wow, That's something out of a movie, really. Congrats!
Gg! Congrats on the adoption, also i thought you were your brother lol💙
My greatest wish is that you reply to this comment.
Im praying for you
Reddit scares me.
Truly, I can't imagine how anyone manages to receive as many \`karma\` as they do on reddit!
I couldn’t tell ya. I guess they just post at the right time, and in the right places.
I no huh???
The perk of being an adult is doing your own grocery shopping. Today I bought a green tea-scented dishwashing liquid and I am very happy.
The downside of being an adult and doing your own grocery shopping is paying for it .__.
Enjoy the little things. 
It brings you joy so it's important. Joy makes a good life.
Is this undercover marketing for Joy brand dishwashing liquid
It's not a thing in Germany.
Wait until you find out that you can have chocolate cake for breakfast...
What tea or other warm drink do you like?
Also if you ever say chai tea I'll kick you in the face just our of reflex.
Would you push the button?
Yup. Fuck this world
Everybody Wins, You get an upvote.
Every day above ground is a great day.
I think caves are neat, some days below ground are great too!
I wish I lived near caves but I live in the city
Catacombs my man. Or if you're American sewers I guess.
Theres an old mineshaft like 50m from my house
🥔
I’d also accept gold
With each day it gets a little bit easier!
More or less,
Well since it's leaning towards more nowadays I'll take that as a victory
Buy yourself a treat. A burger? A pizza? A pie? Make some pudding? Treat yourself.
I will! Time to get myself a screamer :)
Thanks bud, i needed that
If an upvote is all I won for surviving the las 24 hrs from hell I want a recount.
I think some Reddit goods is the last thing you need.
It's been a rough week, so this was well timed. Thanks.
I upvoted every comment I saw under this post
I am doing so as well!
Another round of upvotes on me!
thank you dude. i needed this
U/madladonreddit love your username
r/foundthemobileuser
I had a great day today too, thanks.
Please donate my upvote to those in need.
gimme that sweet sweet karma for making it through a 12 hour concert yesterday
If you upvote this comment you are big gay
It looks like I’m going to have to live with being the “Big Gay.”
Garlic bread
I would do unspeakable things to you if I could.
I was feeling suicidal today, this made me smile. Thank you
Either get busy living or get busy dying.
Well I'm busy surviving and I hope everyone else is surviving too.
This just made my day a lot better considering I fractured my wrist yesterday.
I barely made it through yesterday. What a shit storm of a day. :(
I just successfully moved 5,000 miles! Upvote?
I'm so happy for you! Big moves can be hard sometimes so I hope everything went well :)
Remember, you didn't come this far just to give up now. Happy Monday!!!
You are breathtaking! 🙂
After the week I had, from the bottom of my heart, thank you. 🖤
I actually needed this. Yesterday was one if the most stressful days of my life
I don’t want an upvote though
It has been a hard time lately :/
I'm sorry. You deserve better.
donwvote this pls?
nope
donevote this pls?
So... What if I went full edgelord and said Hitler did nothing wrong would you still upvote?
I would upvote so you would have something happy before you rot in hell!
rough day. thanks!
Even me?
10h later, even me? :)
You’re breathtaking!
I needed this with how this past week has been. Thank you
Can I have an upvote?
Upvote to support the anti-vaxx and flat earth movement
You sir suck but get an upvote.
Thanks for the little happiness boost, sometimes it's just what someone needs! :)
This has negative karma, this makes me sad :'(
Maaaan I appreciate this. I’ve been so down the past couple days.
This post has been removed, please don't use this subreddit for social media farming.
Whoa. I guess some people are just toxic?
What do you mean by that? I'm talking about the Instagram grabs and all around upvote farming.
Alright, I’ll edit it.
I can’t stop eating sunflower seeds.
No, stop it
I can’t stop I’m literally downing bags a minute.
Stop!!!!
Thanks man, this is uplifting to this horrible day
10 karma gang
I'm not a fan of participation trophies.
May I please have one positive updoot?
Don't upvote this. I didn't do anything to deserve Internet validation today.
What if I tell you to downvote me
Abortion should be illegal
Good luck mate. You really did it this time.
The world needs more people like you! :)
I think the world would be under a panic if that was the case.
This made my day ✨
Why thank you.
You actually upvoted every comment 👀👀!! That's so nice of you
Hello thrre
am i late...
Nice to meet you
Thanks very much, i needed that
You are..?
I think dogs should vote
I’m not sure animals are sentient.
I don’t believe you.
Surely not this one
Yesterday was a tough day for me, yes. But do you wanna know *why?*
*Do you really wanna know?*
Life has been rough lately. Validate me with useless internet points please.
Oof, i prob missed the train, but ill still upvote a bunch anyway
Try 1000s of comments
Damn Damn Double Damn\_\_\_Did I miss it?
No, it’ll have a legacy.
Upvote me
I don’t think you’ll be able to upvote everyone but this is really nice
you’re breathtaking
I dare you to not upvote this comment please
Working on my English
Hi, what you have done is admirable.
Aww, thank you!! 💙
what would you like to talk about?
Anything involving music, cats, food, aliens, space hahahs
Who want to play trivia?
In which movie did the character 'Verbal Kint' appear?
Which Napoleon made the Louisiana purchase?
What’s the capital of Bosnia i Herzegovina?
Usually good at capitals but stumped on this one.
I was there yesterday, which is why im asking
Cool. Vacation/business/live nearby?
Sarajevo?
What was the first music video to be played on MTV Europe?
Which US singer's real name is 'Kathryn Elizabeth Hudson'?
How I accidentally learned how to speak English
Wow, your English is great! I would never guess you weren't a native speaker!
I speck English fluently and you still have better grammar then me...
You could right better papers than 80% of this kids in my grade
Write :’)
Guess I’m apart of the 80% huh
*a part xD
Wait, Overwatch? You mean the video game?
Yay, Overwatch is helping people learn a lot!
Yo fam sauce, ur English is dope. Don’t let anyone tell u otherwise, aight?
Now you gotta help me here. Is that Scottish, Aussie, Irish, or what?
So what did you learn about Ireland?
About Irish history, geography, culture, and a liiitle bit of economy.
I found out last week at work that my Boss’s 17 year old son installed recorders on all of our computers without telling us.
If you want to pursue this, I'm pretty sure this is illegal in a lot of places.
HIPA would like a word with his son...
He is slow and has development issues because he is adopted? Wtf
Anyone want to chat for a few hours?
I like your username.  It's a Fall Out Boy reference, yes?
Haha yes it is, thank you for noticing!
Starting over at 50. Start my new job tomorrow.
50 is the new 30. You've got this.
This is unbelievably accurate.
We have a lot in common. Best of luck, you have this 😁
Anyone else uncontrollably bored and alone this afternoon?
Liverpool, UK. 
What about yourself?
I'm from meerut,INDIA
Yeah I’m not sure what it is, but been feeling that way for a few days now! Maybe the heat.
I told my best mate about my secret hobby of anime after being embarrassed about it for years. We are watching his first ever episodes tonight!
Aiden, is that you?
I mean, Everyone loves jojo
This right here is true
I need a new name, stat.
You're not the typical Karen, so more of a Special K?
Karen, why did you take the kids away?
Jokes aside, if I ever have a daughter I would like to name her Arya or Aurora
I was called sir/he by two different customers this weekend!
Congrats!! That’s awesome! Wishing you the best of luck in your transition.
Hey you. Yeah you. Read this.
Yes, I am. Thank you for this.
cringe...
Do you have friends?
yes.
YOU'RE BREATHTAKING!
I’m bored and have all night to kill, anyone want to chat for several hours?
I'm just settling down. I'll chat about everything and anything.
I really hate how it's difficult to not be poor.
Could you make a go fund me or something? I would donate.
Wow, that's so incredibly kind. Yes, I will.
You could panhandle on a street corner as well whilst you're at it
I cooked a real meal last night for the first time in my life.
Can you come cook for me too?
Looking to find a super immersive hobby. Any recommendations?
Have you ever tried playing golf?
No - that could be fun!
If you don’t like ball golf, give disc golf a try
How great are online friends?
How have you made these online friends?
What's a friend?
What was something you learned that absolutely shook you to the core?
Turtles breathe out there butt's
If peanut butter is brown then what color is spinach from a can?
When my mother told me she is a convert
I’m proposing to him. Tonight.
Good luck! Post the results! :)
I’m gay. I’ve been in the closet for 29 years. I told my mom and sister tonight and it feels great!
Congrats bro!!!! You did great!
People have to accept you no matter what
Congratulations! Are you a pitcher or a catcher?
Thanks, I’m a catcher. I’m also a total catch. 😘
... or so my mom says
Damn that’s hot!
Is it?
Let me come and show you
Yes please ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What’s the story behind your username?
I’m a Scorpio and I speak Spanish, hence the la, but I prefer the English word for scorpion.
Hello fellow Scorpio that speaks Spanish! We’re best friends now.
It’s my fake name.
My dumbass didn’t think Reddit was supposed to be mildly anonymous....
#F
F (how do big?)
Pound first. But I think it only works on one line of text
£Like this?
Mine is inspired by a roblox creator called TwentyTwoPilots
It’s the god of destruction from my home brew D&amp;D campaign.
Today, 7 years ago, I quit using heroin.
Congrats.  Im having problems with cocaine..  Its very hard to leave it.  Have any tips?
And here I wanted to try heroin once.
Don't.
Good for you. I'm 5 years clean off meth
Yelled at a young driver (17-20?) this morning, on my way to work, to stop texting and driving.
It’s not really illegal in my area. So I can’t justifiably yell at someone for it
Hi friends, it’s 2 am and I can’t sleep.
I do fraud detections at a major US bank.
Is that the new job or the old job? Or both?
I'm feeling ok. Getting late for me too. You still up?
Yep, still here. Glad to hear your feeling ok.
Thanks. :)
You got a favorite music genre?
Sure I usually listen to alternative. My fav band is Brand New
I haven't heard of Brand New, at least by name. I'll make sure to go check them out.
I looked up an old friend and I'm shocked at what I found
I expected this to end far more negatively but happy to be surprised
RememberMe! 3 days
Username somewhat checkes out.
Anyone from around the world want to check in?
I'm  from Venezuela
So cool, what time is there rn?
It's 17:28, I'm leaving my English course rn
I get weirdly pleased when I get to be the person that raises someone’s post karma from 999 to 1k.
Keep an eye on me, I am at 890 now :)
925 now.
20,549 now.
i'm at 999 right now, if any of you want to have the honors
Done! Enjoy!
You know what else is weirdly pleasing?
Giving upvotes to strangers.
Isnt that a great feeling till someone ruins it ey
Well either A) someone upvotes making inmt 1001 or B someone donevotes its making it 998
Then it's on to the quest for the next round number.
or 419 to 420
Keep an eye on me. 5,996
Got you! That was awesome!
Huzzah! A man of quality
Hmmm - woman. :)
Had the opportunity of doing it once, it was really satisfying.
But not the other side of that, I get anxiety when I have to ruin a perfect number of likes 😩
I'll take some karma...
Here you go! 😊
I just got to do that for the first time!
I am at 997 right now. Help a redditor out to reach 1K?
I did what I could! 💖
I upvoted a YouTube video from 9.9K to 10K. It was probably the greatest moment of my life
My autistic son was abused by a teacher’s aide
We really need to stop using abused as an umbrella term
How was this not abuse?
Wait why did the first lawyer yell at your son? I’m confused
I would punch my way through that aid's skull.
She's lucky you're the father...
r/Iamverybadass
Sounds like your son doesn't belong in public education to me.
Was this in the news? I think I remember hearing about it.
What Are You All Having for Lunch Today?
Hot dogs.
Just had peanut butter and strawberry jelly.
No bread?
I’ll be having a bread sandwich
Salmon and veggies.
Some freezer naan with homemade meatballs
I love homemade meatballs. I'm unfamiliar with naan though.
I’m taking my ex-wife and her husband on vacation.
This is just sad
I am so happy I dont have this view of the world
Its actually really fucking cool. I get along with my exwifes new husband pretty well.
This wholesome post cured my depression. Congratulations and good on you.
Saved!
Thanks, lol? Do you know why I'm being downvoted, I was trying to be nice.
Beta Male
This is fucking pathetic lmao
Bro get gay and live together.
I can see from what side of the family the autism comes from
You're cucked and you guys aren't even together anymore. How the hell
I don't understand how you people get so stupid.
You are paying for a dude to go on vacation and fuck your ex wife lmao
The only girls you'll ever see are in all those NSFW subs you visit.
Are you fucking stupid? No really, are you fucking stupid?
Pathetic
Are you taking your new significant other too?
Not op?
Damn that's emasculating..
I hope you can here her husband railing the fuck out of her you dweeb.
Don't you have a game of Fortnite to play?
halfway home wednesday! 5 q's 'cuz we're almost theree
1. The sky is up
hey.
2. Yes ;)
4. fried chicken. 
5. a functioning android capable of independent thought
fried chicken is the besttt
definitely! 😬
what's your answer to qn1 ? :b
supppppp
Does anyone ever type out a comment on Reddit, and when finishing it, delete it? I do this all the time.
Why not this one?
What is a good band name?
Not a Significant Source of Funk
Rockin’ Raptor and His Boys
Haha this would make my bandmates quite upset.
Ah, females as well?
No, it’s just sounds like I get all the recognition.
Oh I see, how about the Juicy Juicertons
Frederick and the fredertons
LynNa
Tell me about the thing you really want to talk about but don't have anyone to talk about it to
My job
Here is something... be happy you had to go to work. Some of us (me) wish we could.
That my eyes tear up randomly.
I don't know why.
Why is everyone on reddit so rude?
you should definitely see what goes on twitter if you think reddit is rude
Because reddit is full of kids
Honest question, how old are you?
30
Welcome to Reddit
Anonymity gives people courage.
Being on reddit, you are automatically somehow better than everyone else.
Go fuck yourself.
I rather be rude on reddit than real life ..
Rude = Upvotes
Anybody feel like they're just floating through life right now?
*waves hand slightly as he floats lazily by*
issa ghost?
Does it ever bum you out having such a dry phone?
Yeah deffo, I’m more or less alone for the time being
This is actually eating me alive. I literally have no one to talk to and it’s driving me insane.
Wanna talk about it?
Does anyone else goes to the bathroom a couple of times a day to rest?
Lol I used to until I fell asleep in the stall at work one day
Boss makes a dollar, I make a dime, so I only shit on company time.
9. Hit me with it
1. What's the worst thing to hit your life lately?
1. what are you passionate about?
I just found out that the Afghan boy I taught his first German words is fluent now, has a job and will be able to stay here indefinitely. I am so happy
These are the true refugee stories we need to hear more of!
Danke Brudi für deine Arbeit
Danke Brudi
Gibts auch Schwesti?
now teach me german as well :D
Ich bin stolz auf dich, Schwester/Bruder. Du bist toll.
Ha danke Brudi
Das ist wundervoll x
I just convinced my mom to let me get a vaccine!
Well, congrats. At least your parents let you get them. My friends cant🤷‍♂️
They need a disaster. Chuck your friend in some dirty barbed wire
/s
Casual conversation
Hey! How’s it going?
Good! How are you?
Doing pretty well! What’s your favorite tv show?
I don't really watch a lot of tv, so it's hard to answer.
What do you like to do in your spare time in that case?
I spend a lot of my time listening to music and checking sports stuff.
Hey what’s up?
Not too much, just watching some Netflix, hbu?
Same! Watching a comedy special. What are you watching?
I just heard music for the first time in my life. Which songs should I listen to?
Check out “Everybody Wants to Rule the World” by tears for fears !
The Beatles!
Came here to say “Hey Jude” and “In My Life”
Bohemian Rhapsody- Queen. You're going to be in for quite the trip.
Is this the real life?
Is this just fantasy?
Caught in a laaaandslide
No escape from reality
....Open your eyes....
Look up to the skies...
And seeeeee...
And seeeeeeee
I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy ...
Because I'm easy come
Easy go
Little high
Little low
Anywhere the wind blows
Aphex Twin - Xtal
Darude - Sandstorm
How can I pray for you?
I have a friend who is not in a great place mentally, I would really appreciate support for them
Oy mate how's yo day been
Please pray for me getting acne away (and getting a girlfriend).
Today two little girls sweetly played with my son at the splash park. He has autism, he’s nonverbal and makes “odd” sounds and motions. Most kids walk away and ignore him as soon as they don’t get a standard interaction. They asked questions and continued to interact! Made my whole week!
This made me SO happy to read!
I’m so glad!!
It’s these kind of stories that really put a smile on my face
Wholesome, cute and pure
Same!! 😍
I'm not crying....you're crying. :)
You have to consider that the majority of the time, his kid gets ostracized
Autism dad here. It's always nice to see kids who just see our kids as just fellow kids.
Police showed up to my house because of “domestic violence”.
That's some good revenge. Always go after the food!
I'd give them some chili, the special kind though
How special? I want to know how far you'll go. :p
Ever hear of scott tenorman?
I need a good Chili recipe.  Wanna share? :)
I can’t sorry.  All I can say is Cincinnati chili with an Asian touch.
Flagstaff police fucking suck. All the ones I’ve met have been assholes
My wife and I are expecting our first son at any moment
Congrats! Do you know if shes dilated? Your baby should be here very soon!
Will you edit this with an update after he is born for us? I’d love to hear how it goes
Y tf did I get a notification for this? I’m not even in this subreddit
I need a hug
5'11
I love Queen so much.
Thoughts on their Live Aid Performance?
Bohemian Rapsody is the best song ever made.
Queen is trash
I’m a 19 year old girl, and I adore Queen!
I hate how technology has turned people into jerks.
You actually get matches on dating apps???
Maybe once every 3-4 months. Half of them unmatched right away
But half didn't...
If half didn’t what? Then I’d have twice as many people that ignore me?
Have you ever been considered a regular somewhere?
Define “regular.” Do you mean I go there every day or what?
I’m a bit sad and lonely right now, so tell me a random fact to distract me!
Watch how toddlers move for a natural example of proper deadlift and squat form.
Palm trees are more closely related to grass than actual trees
how???
I'm going to propose to my girlfriend later today!
Please give us an update after you did it!
I’m so happy for you
Thanks will do!
!Remind Me in 1 day
!Remind me in 1 day
! Remind me in 1 day
 !Remind me in 1 day
&gt;!Remind Me in 1 day
!Remind me 1 day
 !Remind Me in 1 day
You'd better, everyone here is on the edge of their seat! Good luck!
happy cake day 🎂! have a wonderful day and life!
Am I the only one rooting for no?
...yes?
Darn it. She said yes.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Wouldnt it be funny tho if she had said no?
What if she says no lol
Please post an update. The best of luck to you!
I hope everything goes smoothly my friend.👍 Let us know if it does! 😊
so excited for you and hope it goes well ❤️
an update later would be awesome!
Gotta keep us posted OP ;)
Hope you will give us a life story.
Hope she says yes.
Hope it goes VERY well.
What did she say?!?
WAAAAAH SO EXCITED FOR THE GOOD NEWS!
Can we get update for this? Good luck dude!
Good luck cowboy 🤠
I’m doing the same thing today!!  Congrats man!
I’m guessing she said hell no
Haha plot twist, she wants nothing to do with me.
What happened?!?! It was nearly 12 hours ago!!
I am so happy for you even if I have absolutely no idea who you are, what a weird feeling
Aww congrats, hopefully you guys have a happy life together!!!!
Did she say yes?
She absolutely did!
First post
Overwatch!
Nice! I’ve never played overwatch, to be honest.
My favourites are Minecraft and Hearts of Iron IV
I’ve never played hearts of iron
My favourite game is Super Smash Bros.
Cool, I’ve had 3 or four people say smash. :)
NES - Snake, Rattle n Roll and Pirates.
SNES - Super Mario World and Castlevania IV
Saw my ex with a guy, someone distract me please.
Okay, this might seem random but trust me. What color is a mirror?
Whatever color I am?
You know what I think is fucked up?
Is this show/beauty peagent only in the US? I don't think I 've seen anything similar in Europe?
The rest of the world already knows this is fucked up. Only in America.
The important thing is, you didn't miss an opportunity to shit on America.
You're so brave!
I don't really know how to respond to this.
I was reverse catfished on a date...
Kinda like when a rich person hides they're rich so you don't just date them for the money.
I'm taking my before pictures now, then losing 60 lbs. Those chicks won't know what hit them.
I support this! If you need the plan I used to lose 120lbs, PM me brotha!
I need to stop eating all this chocolate. I know where my problems lie :P Thanks though!
My problems lie in chips! Can we trade? 😂
I’ll eat your chips for you!! :)
I just ate 4 Oreos.
I'm gonna gain 100 kilos just so I can take the pics and lose it again
I booked a flight to Philadelphia
I live just outside of philly too. What town?
Allentown!
hey! I’m from New Hope! where outside of Philly are you from???
Unpopular opinion: I am so ready for fall and winter
Oh yah. I love it when it’s -10 regularly. It’s nice.
-10 regularly? That sounds intense
I think we can all agree that fall is the best season of them all
Nooo winter is where the snow is!
Can I just say that this sub is the cutest thing ever?
This is the best place ever, hands down and I wish i'd been here sooner
No u :))
I like your smile. :)
That's a great smile too! :)
I’m going to turn your smile into a frown
(:
Still looks pretty happy to me. :)
Thanks, I try to be optimistic
Me too! How ya feeling?
Great, thanks for asking
Hope you all have lovely days too
I'm feeling good today. :)
Keep up with that spirit buddy :)
I'm trying! :)
as long as your havingfun :)
Still trying on that. I think I'm getting better with it. :)
Aww you are all lovely people :)
So are you! :)
You're breathtaking.
No you're breathtaking!
No u!
No *U* !
*NO U*!
*NO U* !
# NO U
NO U
no u.
No U!
nO u!
no.
u.
no u :(
no u :)
no u (sorry, I was on vacation)
no u!
*no u*
(missed this btw)
Great! I'm here to ruin it!
My depression? Is that you?
Tis indeed I, your depression.
Damnit, now's not the time. I'm trying to be wholesome.
Well that's just too bad, now go take your pills.
You know I don't have pills.
I hope it lasts forever :)
I know it ain't, but I'll bounce back when/if it goes badm
That's a pretty healthy attitude, really. I hope i get there someday.
You'll get there. I know it!
Do you like my smile too?? :D
Of course! It looks great!
No you :&gt;
No u :]
Youre breathtaking!
No, YOU'RE breathtaking!
This made me feel really good. Thank you so much. You're awesome ❤
What's OP?
Nothing much. What's OP with you?
I'm asking what does OP mean
This sub isn't cute...
*It's breathtaking*
*your* breathtaking!
Your *all* breathtaking!
r/expectedkeanureeves
We are all breathtaking on this blessed day
Fine, I'll do it.. Speak for yourself.
Not to burst your bubble but you're*
You are breathtaking btw ;)
Ah wow that’s weird, it feels like your bursting my bubble
Yes random praise is so great.
no, this is the cutest thing ever /u/hippopooh
What do you guys think of breakfast dates?
Thank you very cool
Thank you for?
The idea. It's awesome.
Thanks. You should do it.
I would do it if I had a partner. ☹️
I just started eating fruit.
If you're a fan of water based fruits I'd recommend freezing them about halfway for new flavors
Like a strawberry or something?
I think so, watermelon is my favorite example however
I will try that. Have you seen people cook watermelon 'steaks'?
I just looked it up, that's definitely a no lol
Are you Charlie Kelly?
Is it watermelon season yet? I can't wait to buy and eat it whole.
Even if it is they definitely don't grow it where I am.
Is anyone always so tired after work that the only thing they can do is just kind of lay there and try to prepare to do it again tomorrow?
How many hours a day do you work?
I'm craving literally any sort of human affection
You are literally me. Pro tip: hug a pillow while you are sleeping
30M, no family, last real hug January 2008 from a college teammate
I would love to learn about your music tastes. Let me in on your favourite tunes!
Samsa is really cool and unique
Bo Burnham is funny music
Hobo Johnson is pretty great
My boss sent everyone this parable today. She sent it meaning it to be inspirational I guess, but to me it is everything that's wrong with the current work culture in America
Yo I hate this damn story.
Your boss is a gigantic gaylord
Today I voluntarily woke up at 5:30 am for the first time, and I feel happier than I’ve felt in weeks
5:00 AM is my favorite time of day
How far south do you live so the sun isn't up by 5:30?
Which album you think is too good everybody should listen to it?
Definitely El Mal Querer by Rosalía! Even if you don't know Spanish, it's worth a listen!
El español el mi lengua materna :)
Today the upvotes have cute little saying attached to them. Try it!
I tried... Nothing happened. ☹️
My upvote for you said: You will receive an upvote...eh, not as cute lol
Works for me.  You're probably on mobile.
Yes.  I am on mobile.  Thanks.  I forget about that.   Lol
My upvote for you said: Abort, retry, ignore....alright then lol
You must be reading the same parenting book that mine read!
I'm on a Windows PC and it doesn't work for me.
Is your CSS off, or are you on new reddit?
I tried it out on the old Reddit, and it works now.
I’m on mobile too. But screw it, upvotes for everyone.
“Your heart is a strange little orange to peel”. Lol.
go to the page for casual conversation and just click the upvote buttons
Didn't work on mobile or browser for me.
My upvote for you said to infinity and beyond lol
My upvote for you said: I'm a princess!
Doesn’t appear to work on mobile either :(
For those who it doesn't work for, you're probably on mobile.  Works for me on desktop
Does no one understand this is a ploy to get upvotes
Your upvote said User used upvotes, its super effective!
Yer an upvoter, Harry! :)
BECAUSE I'M BATMAN!
10/10 would upvote again.
this is actually real, switch to old reddit
What does mine say? :)
I tried it and it doesn't work for me either :/
Can you tell me what my upvote says?
Up, up, up...it's outta here!
I’m on mobile, so r.i.p
Where does it say that?
Error 404
nothing like a lil digital validation
haha so cute!
Aaaaand this sub just made my CSS whitelist
yeah not on this one... or it doesn't work when upvoting yourself...
i wish it worked on mobile. i’m away from my computer
Your upvote says: I'm a princess!
but i’m a boy lol
I introduced an older relative to Reddit and I think they got lost in it somewhere because they no longer send me ten texts/im a day
I am 63. I introduced my 31 year old daughter to Reddit. Yes, we are here.
I'm 60 lol...we are hiding in plain sight
Sadly, few seem to notice us, or care.
I just don't mention it much. No more than the 13 year olds do lol
Maybe we should?
With all the Boomer hate out there? lol
We are still ordinary people. Right?
I'm 65. Nice to see some fellow sexagenarians.
hello fellow oldster!
Two of my biggest dreams have just come true and I'm just so happy for once!
So happy to hear this! What did you get your undergrad degree in?
Thank you! I did it in Political Science :) so a UN internship is super relevant!
Damn it first time reading a post and it literally disappears as I’m halfway through!!
Hahaha I think it’s back up 😊
watch me hekkin get it, you'll see
Anyone else who just can’t believe it’s 2019 and not really liking it?
I am more worried about 2020, that just seems ridiculous to me at some level.
Think I will cry on New Years this year, 2020 is insane.
Yeah I feel like it's still 2001.
Just had a baby. Turns out Newborns are forkin expensive.
Oh believe me it gets way worse 😂😂
I'm sorry, but you only realized having a kid would be pricy once it was already out?
Just quit my job
13hrs isn't that unreasonable.
It is. It may be more common than people realize but it’s still unreasonable
Just made lasagna for two but ended up eating it all myself.
Lasagna too good to be shared.
Anyone else just hate how drinking alcohol is a norm?
Not me I love alcohol. It’s just awesome.
Experts say that if alcohol was a new drug it would 100% be illegal
Me, probably because I'm Muslim and biased lol.
No. It's fun. Loosen up a little mate.
You are the kind of person OP is complaining about.
What's something you've recently felt proud of yourself for?
Not myself, but proud of my friend graduating pharmacy school
I'm drunk and at a family party, how the heck are ya
You sound like me when i’m high. Apparently i’m high rn too.
You sound like joemama
I don't know what this means, but I like it!
It means you’re epic
Same to you pal, same to you.
Thank you my guy
I’m not guy man
Sorry dude
My wife and I go for an ultrasound on Friday.
Congrats! Just remember: Don’t Panic.
Directions misunderstood. 
Panic intensifies.
You both go the ultrasound, so which one of you is pregnant?
I made fun of the europeans because they couldn't take a single heat wave. The weather here changed and i'm fucking freezing. It's 19ºC (66ºF)
Ha! 19 is hot!
(British citizen here)
Can someone translate Celsius into Fahrenheit for my dumb, American ass?
19c is 66f.
66 is perfect weather... what are you whining about?
My guy that’s just below room temperature.
Room temp here is 90 F (30 C) lol
Hmm. Can you convert the Celsius to inches for me?
1C is half a burger per football field
How about cubic feet of rainfall?
1 of that is half a freedom eagle times yeehaw
Interesting.. Atleast now I can measure the circumference of a horse in gallons
If you live in California, put some shoes by your bed tonight!
And a flashlight
And my axe !
And my sword!
And my butterfly knife
i would be sleeping in my shoes, fuck that
California native here. 90% of the time I just stay go back to bed.
It's not all of California, it's just Southern California.
Just sleep with shoes on
What is your status? Are you single? Married? It's complicated?
Single, always have been, always will be. Also don't have friends.
What video game(s) do you believe has the best music?
Skyrim, Arma 3
What is Arma 3?
God bless those random small folks who make tutorials on YouTube!!!
Bless all those Indian programming tutorial makers.
Another MUCH bigger quake JUST hit LA ... It's not on the news yet.
WE FELT IT HERE! KEEP THAT SHIT LA!!
Hugs are underrated
*Good* hugs are the BEST!! :D
 I don’t know if you have children but I would love to be your son xDD
Ask me any question and then edit it after I answer.
What made you smile?
What is 98-29?
On a scale of 1-24 how much to you like sexual fish porn?
-15
How dare you
Where have you always wanted to travel to?
How much wood would a wood chucker chuck if a wood chucker could chuck wood?
What is your favorite food?
You have to call one person right now. Who do you call, and why?
What is the opposite of everything?
What’s your opinion on puppies?
what is your favorite animal?
Your question could be Which is the largest dick you have taken ?
What do you think is the world's greatest dilemma right now?
2+2 is right, yea?
I think the answer you are looking for is four
Accidentally hit on a customer at work, she liked it
smooth referee is smooth haha
Dude you gave her the double finger guns, she can’t resist now!
I thought you accidentally HIT a customer.
Honestly that’s a better pick line than I could think of. You should use it more.
My experience at the cinema
Just wondering, what were you watching? Was it any good?
Nice. What movie did you go to and with who? 🙂
Officially it has been 24 hours since I have worn pants!
56 years have passed. Half the population lives underwater. OP is on his deathbed hanging loose.
Haaaning braaaiiin
Hey did you put on pants?
Lol yes, had to go to work. Made it about 36 hours pantsless haha
That's impressive. Maybe one day you can beat your record.
The weekend is coming up and I don't think I have plans hahaha
Now you do.
Should start a no pants challenge lol. See how many people can participate
I have a five week summer break don't test me.
Let's do it my friend
Truly living the greatest life
Would be better with some Malibu and Pineapple Express, but I see your point
Sounds like a normal Thursday night to me
Yeah but it's dry over hear. I did not properly prep.
Wanna bring me some Malibu?
Now letmeseeyourkitties
(. )( .)
kitties &gt; titties
AGREED.
I dont have a kittie. Hence the demand to LEMME SEE YOUR KITTIES
I dont have a kittie either :( But I have a doggo if that counts
SEND IT MOFO
WHERE DO I SEND IT
IN A DM TO ME
Who else isn’t really celebrating the 4th?
Not celebrating. Canadian.
Swiss here. Don't even celebrate our own.
Anyone else feeling out of the loop today?
The love is of my life will have to break into my home to find me. I don't go anywhere.
Someone once told me a deja vu is life telling you that you are on the right path, that you are where you're supposed to be and your future self has been there before
Thank you for this &lt;3
I got really bad déjà vu the other day...
Go on..
Not every story has to be “interesting”
I, an American, will be moving to Britain less than a week after Independence Day, to be more independent
Looking forward to having you! Where will you be moving to?
Welcome home. I'll put the kettle on.
Thanks, two teaspoons of sugar please
Biccy?
Custard cream please
Like a native.
Approved.
; )
The best joke I’ve ever made
I am in love
I'm leaving reddit after this
Worth the breakup? 
Is the dog doing okay now? 
Good to go.
Yeah the dogs fine! Haha absolutely worth the breakup
Where have you been my entire life.
Haha over in Australia
Ahh that explains it you have an anti American defense mechanism.... giant ass spiders
Don’t forget the drop bears
Why this person didn't marry you on the spot is beyond me. 
Some people have no taste.
I know right! I’m
A catch
Cuz it’s not a real story.
Wife material for sure. The dog traumatising fart sealed the deal for me
OK let's get married
Deal
Do you guys need a witness?
Sure do!
I can officiate!
Thank you! Reddit wedding!
I can be your photographer! Downloading snapchat right now!
Haha hooray!
Would you mind cheating? I don't need the sex, just the jokes will be enough
Oh trust me you’ll need the sex. Wink. 
No. No you won’t need the sex I’m awkward as hell.
...I think I love you
Haha thank you secret agent penguin :)
How would you feel about being a sister-wife as a second wife?
absolute mad lad, or lass you pick
Haha thanks! Lass :)
absolute mad lass, i upvoted for the joke, downvoted for traumatizing the dog
Haha thanks friend!
the absolute positivity on you is outstanding
Did you break up because of that?
No it was more the constant arguing and manipulation
Oh, sorry.
Christ. These comments are something else.
This is what I needed for my 18th birthday, this post saved my life lmaoooo
Okay, that joke made you the sexiest woman I know.
Anyone want to play 2 truths and 1 lie?
I have a dog called Marcy 
My favourite food is Chinese takeout
I have a boyfriend
Marcy
Yay your turn.
I have 29 tattoos
I have met three famous people
I have 5 kids
29 tattoos
let’s do this
I’m 19 years old
I have a girlfriend 
I broke my wrist when I was 8
cmon man, we both know you didn’t break your wrist when you were 8
* I have brown hair
* I am 19
* I’m wearing a blue hoodie
you’re no 19 year old! clearly it’s a fluke!
Haha nope I’m definitely 19. My turn again!
I’ll go first 
* i live England 
* I’m wearing socks right now
* I just had a bag of popcorn
Is the lie you aren't wearing socks?
Yey. Your turn!
My cats name has 29 letters in it.
I love avocado
I'm up for a game! It's great to learn things about people even if I don't know them!
* I have socks on
* I just ate some baked beans
* I’m sat on the kitchen floor
I'll say, baked beans.
(Also sorry for the late reply)
Correct! Your turn
(Np)
I’m down!
just got amazing news and i need to share
Thats amazing dude! Congrats!
Glory be to God!! Congrats!
The doctor's name is God?  Weird.
Im happy for you.
Rest up quickly now! Im happy everythings all good...
Met a small girl who had a similar birth mark to mine and cried about it
“Saw this little girl (7f)” 
Wow, did you just assume the gender of a child?!
No I knew she was a girl! I assumed nothing.
Where’s the birthmark? Am I blind?
On my cheek by my eye
In the military and on an extended temporary duty. Feeling pretty isolated, what’s everyone’s plans for the fourth?
I'll be working. Yay /s
I’d honestly rather be working.
Having a cookout at the grandparents house. What branch you in?
Nice that sounds cool. Army.
I’m enlisting in the army next year so that’s cool what mos are you
Oh way to be. I’m a 12Y Geospatial Engineer. Why are you planning on going for?
I’m planning on going for infantry then at some point try out for rangers
So apparently one of my relatives died today, and there's his funeral on fourth, so yeah
Oh dang I’m sorry for your loss.
Its OK man, he passed away in peace I heard
I dont like fireworks so work and go home and sleep.
Hey nothing wrong with that. I wouldn’t mind working tbh.
:) It's day shift so not bad.
Pulling a all nighter, will be responding to every comment.
Fuck, Mary, kill. Pink Floyd, the Beatles, talking heads?
Can’t answer as I don’t know any of the above mentioned
You don't know the Beatles?
Would you rather fight 10000 ant sized lions or 1 lion-sized ant?
If you punch yourself and it hurts are you strong or weak?
Hello! My name is Carol and my granddaughter told me that I could have a chat with new people on the internet in this website. I find facebook boring. How are you doing today?
have you looked into r/knitting r/cooking r/recipes r/gardening
Hi Carol!!!
Can we blow this up! (Make it seen by thousands)
It's fake, it shouldn't be seen by anyone
This is so obviously fake. Reddit is so stupid
Yup. Look at everyone lapping it up. Lmao.
This smells of bullshit.
Carol, you are thrice my age, and I am very attracted to you.
So fake dude lmfao
This restored my faith in humanity
This aged poorly
This kid just karma farmed the shit out of you
I read edit 4 and shit my pants, I got got!
Audible laughter upon reading that 4th edit. Holy shit.
Post was removed, what’d it’d say?
&gt;17 year old dick
*jazz music stops*
#***jazz music intensifies***
weird, i was in this thread 5 minutes ago &amp; came back for another look and carol deleted :-(
Why was this deleted?
I was having really bad day but then I got rid of a blackhead that had been bothering me for over a year
/r/popping
That almost made me throw up my guac
And guac is the same consistency as the puss. Almost the same color too. Enjoy!!!
does anyone watch anime? what're you watching right now?
Deathnote
You mean the movie... right?
Just finished aot s3 p2 and rising of the shield hero. Planning to watch steins gate 0 now .
I CAN'T BELIEVE NO ONE SAID DRAGON BALL Z!!! WATCH IT
you sound very enthusiastic ! i’ll watch it :D
Why do I as a female with an adult brain find anime guys attractive? Anyone else?
Because weeb
I remember watching Jojo's biazzare Adventure for the first time too....
Pillar men.....
monday funday ya'llll for them 5 q's!
lol nothing
nothing again
end
na
lol rough week?
Left side is always sore
Work
Blessed
We all have uniqueness but we gotta get back home
what do ya do for work?
Assisted living
and you.. hate it?
Why I think Reddit is the best social media platform
*All of this changed when the fire nation attacked*
And there are subreddits for literally everything. And I do mean everything lol. But welcome!
I know right? Some subreddits are so odd that they make me question my life lol
Me too. I have come across some really weird subreddits lol. Take a look at r/forbiddensnacks.
Bold of you to call Reddit a social media platform
What should I change my first name to?
Enrico
Nice name, but It’s awfully exotic for a basic white boy like me
What about James? I know it's just 1 syllable but it might fit neatly.
Wilson or Calvin?
How about Christopher or Victor?
What's your middle name?
Comment a song and I’ll rate it out of 10
Make You Mine- PUBLIC
Self Care-Mac Miller
What’s everyone doing right in this moment ?
Working. 10:22 am here
Wow , where are you from if you don’t mind?
Watching YouTube videos.
Fav youtuber ?
On vacation in Lebanon, drinking tea with my great aunt, I dont know her name.
You don’t know your aunts name? 😂
I'm watching Youtube videos.
Story of my life lol Fav youtubers?
Waiting for my mom to call and tell me if she’s okay or not.
Just over 2 years ago I was T-boned in an intersection by a Learner that wasn't paying attention to traffic. Today was the first day I woke up WITHOUT pain!
Try Keaton
I've never heard of it, I'll have to look into it. Thank you!
Oh shit I am a learner, Ill have to triple check traffic now.
Did you sue?
I got a really nice payout from insurance, I didn't see a need to go further with it :)
I dont remember that last time I thought about killing myself.
Can't relate. Last time was today for me.
Working hour 6 of a 12 hour shift, looking for some people to chat with to pass time!
Who is your favorite author?
Hello Reddit! We need positive help at r/SuicideWatch
r/suicidewatch
The hero we need
No you're the hero!
No, no. You are THE hero
I don’t have anyone to tell the happy news to, but I came out to my sister and she took it really well.
I’m super proud of you :)
Are you planning on coming out to your parents?
Not for the foreseeable future. They’re the disowning type, even though I love them very much.
I’m sorry about that man
From one Jew to another, welcome friend 🤘🤘
What’s xtain mean?
Christian.
May god forgive you of your sins.
Pretty sure it’s a sin to be judgemental
My boyfriend is learning how to ride a bike
Helmets. Everyone. Helmets. Please. Former EMT here. That is all.
Yes, definitely. Thank you
My head is crash proof
You know that you dont have to hit him right?
im so confused?
So dont be
I didn't learn until I was like, 12 or 13. Good for him :)
Thanks! Do you still ride?
I think I need to do the same. Never ended up learning as a kid. :(
What do people do on summer break?
Nows a better time then ever to build up good habits of going to the gym if you aren’t already
Gyms are expensive!!
Assuming you’re in the US plenty of gyms have memberships for as little as 10/month
Honestly, I just wish it was socially acceptable to wear a cape/cloak all the time.
Somewhere a genie heard you and now you're the protag of another isekai
Synchronize with people all around the world to start a cape/cloak wearing trend.
Honestly, I'm down.
I’m down. Where do we start?
Me too keep me in the info
Start a sub
I wanted a cloak for a long time! Ankle length, hooded, and in pine green.
Edna would not approve
i showered for the first time in four days!
Fuck buddy i go 4 days easy without showering sometimes when im bogged with work
im super picky about my greasy hair. thats my main thing about not showering.
Dry shampoo.  It's a game changer.
dont i know it..
Try no poo
I tend to not use poo in my hair. Leaves a awful smell
I cleaned my main closet today, might seem little, but it's something that I'm proud of
Anyone up to talk?
It is so hot
Im down.
What happened?
How do you guys take your coffee? Searching for just the right style
Dude I'm literally just sitting in my bed with a huge loaf of bread and it's great.
Well that sounds... Kinda nice actually. What type of bread?
Italian bread, pretty tasty.
Well take a bite for me wouldya?
Me three keep eating op
Me four I believe in your potential
and you.
ill take a bite for all of you
Op its been three hours since you first posted... Are you still eating bread?
like i said, this isnt normal bread man, its huge.
Are you sure it's bread?
certain
Wait OP, I think I came too late :(
Hey OP, I know you’re out of bread and all so can you pretend taking a bite for me? Thx 😘
Are you cutting the bread into slices or just biting a chunk out of it?
both
You maniac.
maniac
Hopefully it’s like some gourmet bread
Butter?
Where in nc?
Corolla.
How's the crumb situation?
Honestly theres not really any crumbs
Man's best vacuum cleaner
Are... are you high?
Did you have that bread with you overnight?
No but I might
Then you get breakfast in bed bread
By any chance, is weed involved?
I swear you find the wackiest posts on r/CasualConversation
And isn't it awesome ?
Are you lactose intolerant
Good
I am plus gluten so no bread in bed for me 🥺.
Not TV, or phone or anything
Just chilling with bread. Might watch some jojo or something.
My dude. What part are you on right now?
you done with it yet?
also when im done ill do another update
Yesterday I sat in bed watching TV and ate a steak with my barehands! Living my best life 🥰
Do you like bread better or butter?
bread obviously. butter is just sunscreen for bread or something like that idk
Wholemeal af.
You sure you aren’t on mushrooms?
Bro.. are you a duck?
ew no
Update 5: I love you.
You are my role model.
Ok but at any point was it lightly toasted
*important questions*
Do you miss the bread now that it's gone
no but now i have people to talk to
This is so fucking wholesome
I live in North Carolina! Where you at man!? :)
Wait. We might go to NC next year for vacation. Where should we go to find this heavenly loaf?
How tasty was the bread? And any other plans?
tasty also on sunday im gonna pick up some more
You are such at peace right now. I can't wait to get on that level of peace.
Hey I'm in North Carolina! If you're ever in Winston-Salem, Camino is the best place for bread!
Genuinely hope you're having an amazing time dude, please buy more bread for yourself
i am
Living vicariously through you now
is it nice?
I’m in NC too
Greensboro 😀 u?
Corolla outer banks
How’s the weather
very nice
Nice! it’s supposed to be cloudy the entire time I’m there but hopefully it’s not
LMAO!!! 😆
i did
have fun crapping that out
This.. is epic!
It is!
Marry me
I think you are my sibling I never knew of.
that may just be
Did you have any butter?
Thank God someone awarded OP
I'm curious if you are my nephew. Totally sounds like something he would do....
What part of NC? Currently on vacation in the outer banks.
dude I'm in the outer banks too. in corolla
10 hours later...how are you feeling?
Are you a duck?
are you a cow?
Ready for round 2?
What part of North Carolina? Im in Raleigh, I could use some bread for lunch
im in outer banks corolla
Is there any bread left
maybe
Can I have some? I'll make the drive out there
Did you eat it au naturale or with butter/jam/etc at some point?
What part of NC? Enjoy your vacation!
outer banks
This is amazing
You know, bread makes you fat.
Mind if I bring some more bread into this thread. It sounds really good right now.
w
This is the first cake day I've clocked in my 7 years on reddit - will you all indulge me by telling me something that you're happy about today?
Going to a concert tonight! :)
I'm now cancer free!
I just want to actually TALK to people.
Well im always open for chat. Any time.
Yeah I’d really like that!!!!!!
sup
Yo! What’s up homie
Why is your igloo warm? Never mind that, HOW is your igloo warm?
CANADA IS MAGIC MAN!! MAGGGIC!!!
Thoughts on MGTOW?
Misogyny, hatred, racism, alt-right. That sub should've been banned long ago.
Using only two songs from your library, show us how diverse your taste in music is.
Welcome to the black parade by Green Day  and Me by Taylor Swift ft Brendon Urie
some people are one in a million; I'm one in twelve!
Congratulations on not dying.
Welcome to the Stent club. I had one put in 16 years ago.... 
Glad you're alive and well.
This is sad because my uncle had a heart attack and died.  He was only 55.
Anyone else just want a hug right now?
I could really use a hug. I have a bunch of shit going on right now &amp; it all just sucks.
Ugh, me too...
Feel free to tell me about it.
I feel miserable and lonely every day
You should try making a friend. But here’s a virtual hug until you find one.
Thats not an option sadly
Why’s that.
I wish I could hug all of you
I give you a virtual hug
can I get one too?
Yeah. Big hug, please. Didn’t get the job... 😟
I want a hug, a big one im just feeling down.
Yes. I just graduated. No one to celebrate it with.
It's not much but congratulations on your graduation though
Thank you. Are you feeling better since you posted this?
What's something that you would really like to do in your country but you can't because it doesn't allow it?
where do you live ? egypt?
After 12 years, I'm debt free
Congratulations!!! That is amazing and I’m so happy for you! 🌟
Thank you!! I'm still shaking after reading the letter from my finance company.
Oh my, that’s so cooooooool!!!! Wishing you all the success in the world from here on! 👍🏼
Thank you again, kind stranger!
I think my neighbor thinks I can talk to her dog
Chaotic good
Actually, yes. Sometimes a little chaotic neutral.
Could be worse. You could be lawful good.
Who would be ashamed to ve lawful good, objectively the best alignment.
Not necessarily
The *most boring alignment, FTFY 😁
The owner thinks you think the owner is beautiful!
I am fine with this being an outcome of the interaction as well.
What's making you happy right now?
Im not happy rn
Oh no :( well you can tell us what's wrong.
I need to be at some random kid's bithday with my littlebro and I hate everyone I know on there
Yeah that's no fun.. but atleast there is cake.... Unless the cake is a lie as well.
I hate sugary things
I’m getting a dog!
Update with pics when you get it
I will post one now!!
He’s gorgeous! Not sure if I missed it, but what’s his name? I’m so excited for you!
My husband surprised me with a kitten on Wednesday night
4 weeks, seriously thats animal abuse. :/
How is the husband supposed to know it's animal abuse?
Anyone want to be Reddit friends?
23 hey whats up
22 yo. I'm down to clown
“Down to clown” I like you already 😂
😎🤙
19 here whats upp
I finally came out!
that is so great! tbh i dont what agender means either (forgive me) explain please?
I'm changing my life
Wishing you everything bright and beautiful and loving happiness on your new life path.
Don't forget to hydrate!
Always a good advice :)
Awesome! But what made you end a 8 year relationship? Was it that bad?
Why ending the relationship ? Has he done anything wrong ? or you didn't love him anymore ?
Hmm, usually midlife crisis happen later in life.
I got a yes!
Congratulations! I recently asked my gf to marry me as well, and she also said yes!
Gratz dude! Happy for you
Thank you! Did you get engagement rings?
Just for her, snuck a ring of hers out to find the right size
How are her tits?
Grats bruh!
70% chance you'll end up divorced.
Im not american mate
Congrats! Hope you have a Nice wedding and future together!
Hey, congratulations!!!
I’ve stopped using Facebook and Instagram, leaving reddit as my sole social media outlet. Who else has done this and how has it changed you?
I only use Facebook to make an account somewere
A lady called me a perv
That's so stupid. Maybe she thought that you were trying to look good to hit on her?
She was crazy. End of story
Hello, police?  A man walked past my front porch, whistling a dirty song.
Ugly or Fat?
I'm sorry?
Was she fat or ugly?
She didn't seem so, I wasn't really paying attention to that, why?
Just a question, well, you haven't quite answered it.
All this talk of hat removal is getting me all hot n' ready
Calm down, little Caesar.
Maybe she thought you tipped your hat at her to get ready to compliment m'lady.
Do guys still tip hats to girls like that.
Only the nicest of gentlemen obviously.
I joined this subreddit just to post this
That's really cool!
Do you know where in Germany she comes from?
Nuremburg...born and raised
Ah... I lived there for some time. Has she ever been back after the war?
Amazing, tell her birthday wishes from Finland! We'd call her an iron grandma.
I call my grandparents Oma and Opa too!!
I'm 14. This is why I avoid vaping like the plague.
Im14andIdontvape
Good for you! Don’t let up!
##bruh do you have a boof I can hit??
Why would somebody be hitting something up another dudes ass?
That’s not normal?
So, what your saying Juul stock is a buy?
r/wallstreetbets
I just got a dog last night!!!
DOG TAX PLEASE.
What's a dog tax lol
A picture of the doggy :D
I don't know how to post pics properly here D:
Sweet! First pet?
Actually no! We had a dog for one night but we had to let it go since I was allergic to it
Oh dang. No issues with this one I hope?
Can I be your friend too?
Why not??? You my friend now ;D
My grandma has had dental problems for years but now got her teeth done so she's sending pics around to everyone
You're from South Africa aren't you?
Do you guys know the 30 day song challenge? Let's do it together! Day 1 = Name a song you like with a colour in the title.
White Rabbit - Jefferson Airplane
Upvoting for the national
:)) what's your favourite song of theirs?
Paint it Black-AC/DC
Today on the bus there was a transgender woman and a lady literally moved seats to not have to sit next to her. So I moved seats to sit next to her. She realized that woman moved seats to avoid her and I could tell she was hurt.
As a trans woman myself, thank you dear stranger for this kind jest of humanity ❤️
trans woman 
a man*
Ding dong your opinion is wrong
&gt; opinion is wrong
It's a meme lol, trans women are women
I have an incredibly female username, and yet on reddit, I'm still assumed male
Honestly, I imagine everyone as me until proven otherwise. I read replies in my voice.
Can you suggest me good music?
Give Arcade Fire a listen
First time hearing about them. I'll give then a try
specifically the suburbs
I just listened to
Loved it! 
oh thats great, they have a song featuring bowie too if you’re into him, ( who isn’t of course )
I love Bowie!! Which song would that be?
Its called “reflektor”. There are also numerous videos on yt of them performing songs with him
Blood like lemonade by Morcheeba
Kill of the night by Gin Wigmore
I shall give them a try
Looking to have a friendly discussion
Hi, how was your day?
My day was great, how about you?
A bit sad
What kinda tv shows are you a fan of?
Praising Keanu makes him visually uncomfortable. We as fans need to dial it back a bit.
You know he's an actor, right?
He is?
He looks like i feel when people sing 'happy birthday' to me.
This right here. That’s the exact look!
You’re breathtaking
No YOU’RE breathtaking
YOU’RE ALL BREATHTAKING
I CAN'T BREATHE WITH ALL OF YOU HERE
 Just get a plant or something
Plant a few trees maybe
Or we could just dial back celebrity worship in general.
Exactly. Praise /u/staticsnake !
/u/staticsnake is breathtaking
Let's make r/staticsnake to praise them
Can I be a mod?
Or dial back cult of personality in general.
do you really think this post will affect the world even 0.00000001%?
Just found out my grandfather has had reddit longer than me and has more karma as well!
Your grandpa is cooler than you. Heck, he's probably cooler than most of us
Cooler than me
50 times cooler than you to be more exact.
Gramps, killed some Nazis in WW2 AND kills it at Reddit better than you.
Big oof. F in chat.
this is really great...thank you. :)
Thank you for being alive! &lt;3
NO U DONT
Oh, but I do 😏
But what if im a serial killer?
I thought I'd be a lot more angry if I ever found out who stole items from the inside of my vehicles.
Lighting a cigarette whilst sleep walking is super sketchy
Yeah for sure. Dozing off while smoking isn't a great idea.
I hope there’s a sufficient amount of space between your house and your neighbors...
Missed my train, now have to wait an hour and 40 minutes for the next one. How's your day going?
Why not take an Uber ride home? Waiting 40 mins for a train seems like a total waste of time.
Its over an hourish of driving to get home
I was given my first Father's Day gift yesterday.
who's cutting onions round here.........?
I’M NOT CRYING, YOU ARE
Aw geez, my heart. Here's to you Dad!
Thank you so much. I might start crying all over again.
Don’t worry OP, we are all crying with you
Shoutout to the following thankless careers
And thank YOU for leaving cops off the list
Does anyone ever want to just... Run away and start over?
I'm doing this! I run away tomorrow!
What are some “Dad” things your dad does?
Disappear
My dad: tries to do all the housework
Leaves and doesn't come back
Medieval weapons and cool shirts
Children
Making someone laugh is the best feeling ever
I'd like to see a montage of these moments in my life.
Mine would be very long
I’m getting married in three hours.
Congratulations
Sooooo How was it???
OMGGG I LOVE LOVE
How planning to kill myself March 2020 actually probably saved my life. [30F]
What do you do for a living
I design apps
That’s cool
I [19M] got my first kiss last night
So did you get here number?
Absolutely got her number lol
Congrats buddy! Ahhh to be 19 again haha. Good for you. Hopefully it turns to more?
Congratulations! Howd you two meet?
Is anyone else extremely triggered seeing someone type 'lose' as 'loose'?
Triggers me too. Two seperate words.
separate -- sorry, had to do it 😂
Yes, drives me bonkers. I've also recently seen, 'Sorry for your lost. Argh!
Yyyyyeeep.
Breath and breathe makes me livid as well
Wait, people spell breathe as breath?! 
or do people spell breath as breathe
Both.  It's infuriating.  Takes my breathe away
YES! I FUCKING HATE IT WHEN PEOPLE TYPE LOOSE! IT'S LOSE! YOU'RE NOT TIGHTENING ANYTHING UP
yes and stuff like 'boi' and 'smol'. drives me nuts
yeah at this point i just don’t care anymore
Let's talk! Tell me something interesting about you
I've put out a list of my favorite songs each year for the past 20 years
friday friyayy! 5 q's to send you away to the weekend!
1. Pride
2. Work
3. ScarJo
4. If you can't, you should probably run.
5. Yes.
pride..?
So, busy day? (;
some might say..
That's too bad. But I wasn't about to leave without an LG reply!
ayeee
(: That kinda made my day.
hehe welllll talking about making your day..
welllllllllll i mean.. let's just say we can leave that for a more private conversation..
I figured out why everyone is anonymous on reddit. It's so you can be honest to yourself.
Plus it makes it way easier to call someone a fucker!
Or support someone who is being blasted by an entire sub.
Either way, NO FEAR!
Yeah!
Also, you're a fucker, ha!
Got em.
U should post this on r/TheoryofReddit. It’s a realistic interpretation
I can’t because too many people who I know irl know my reddit handle 🔫
WiFi network name: Which one of these options should I rename my WiFi?
Oh my god
Bill wi the science fi
Mine is Everyday I'm Buffering
Im about to get my masters degree!!
Knock ‘em dead, kid! 🤘🏼
Congratulations!! Best of luck, you've got this!!
A message to anyone visiting the USA
If you’re black that’s a double threat
The same in Canada too. But that's probably because we're very close to the US culturally
Not anywhere near as bad. In Canada you don't really assume that everyone is armed
I unsubscribed from trashy and other subs that insult people
\&gt;:( *YOU'RE TRASHY*
jk ily :)
Lol. ** *NO YOU'RE TRASHY! * **
oof :( how did you know?
Takes one to know one! /s
Can you name some of them?
Life is better without Facebook and Instagram
I mean, your obviously still on reddit...
And now you're on Reddit. Whats the point
But you’re still on Reddit....
Black Mirror Season 3 Episode 6 Nosedive fits in perfectly with this
I just got my bachelor's degree as graphic designer
Hey good for you! I'm currently working towards getting my bachelors in graphics design too!
Congratulations! The feeling after finishing a degree is quite amazing.
It is! Thank you so much! And happy cake day :)
Welcome! And Thank you :)
Hey I’m studying the same thing!!
Thats awesome! I wish for you the best! It's an amazing field and very fun to work in it 😁
It's my Bday today and I'm drinking alone
Happy Birthday, buddy! 💐
What is something you are looking forward to? Or are dreading?
getting paid so i can get some new shoes. *shrugs* its not much but it helps.
What shoes are you getting?
some high tops hopefully.
Keanu Reeves is well deserving of the positive attention. Does anyone have a story to share?
We don't deserve Keanu. He is like the one guy on Earth that deserves dogs.
According to his movies, he might deserve them...but he's not allowed to keep them.
It’s just starting to feel like people are worshiping him
He's worthy, it's fine
I’m out of the loop. Why is he being mentioned so much lately?
I thought he was called Neil in the matrix when I first saw it.
I would give up my best friends life so keanu can live another day
My girlfriend killed my spider.
When I’m driving and someone’s making me mad, I always give them a thumbs up instead of a middle finger
I do the same thing but thumbs down. I'm not mad, I'm disappointed.
I used to do the “ok” sign but the internet ruined that for me
It's ok to do the ok sign.
I blew a kiss once which confused the super aggressive bloke who was tailgating me.
I shake my fist at people. Like, Why, I oughta!
Craziest last 24 hours of my life
I’m not sure what to say...congratulations or that sucks or what
Yeah, I have no idea how to feel. My nerves are just shot at this point
I was gonna make a bad joke but screw it
Y’all about to get haunted now
That seems appropriate for some reason at this point
kind of seems insensitive to throw your neighbours suicide in with good news no?
My 8yo. daughter just asked me if I knew what a Human Centipede is.
Ok, who tf wrote that book. They knew.
Seriously. I immediately began to wonder what year this book was written.
It's a Judy Moody book. Before the movie.
so human centipede was a gritty remake of that book instead
how the turn tables
Why are you up?
Because it's 11:22am where I am
You're from the future???????????????
at the other side of the world, maybe? :)
Waiting for your post?
Post like letters or?
No, I mean this post from the OP, lol!
I am the OP
Oh, what's up?
Very little
little what?
Can’t sleep and I have to watch my cousins in the morning. Rip.
Are they really little?
2:39am. Put back out reaching for a plate. Good times
Sounds rough. I hate if when I mess my back up
Any tips on speeding up healing?
A hot shower usually does it for me
Sounds like a great idea!
And barring that, a hot bath with some Epsom salts
Ahh, yes. A nice long salty soak!
I asked my very traditional dad how he felt about the LGBTQ community, and he was such a sweetheart.
That's a good man right there
is that a destiny flair?
Good eye you have,  it definitely is.
auto riffles 4 ever
Lol, although I generally run scouts I'll take a good auto as well. Hard Light is my baby.
I'm guessing your Dad is a Sikh? If so, this doesn't surprise me at all
If your going to be hostile you can leave
And who the fuck are you?
Someone who isn't a homophobe
I'm also Indian and my dad is 100% a bigot
My mom isn't tho, which is cool
I'm down to 288 lbs
Good for you. Keep chopping wood.
Grinning like an idiot, cause a kid just made my day
I was off from work.  Yay! That's enough for me.
This is true.
I remembered to drink water on my own
No my weekend sucked
Sorry to hear that. Hope your upcoming week is much better!
Thanks,
But it won’t be lol
I lost 40 kg in a year!
What’s kg in freedom units aka pounds?
The NHS BMI calculator says that's a healthy weight. Good on you.
I did too. Though it dropped me to 28kg.
You gotta explain, did you loose 40 or 28 kg?
I dropped to weighing 28kg
Oh my, how is that possible? I hope you are okay, 28 kg is not healthy at all...
Thanks though :)
My song got over a 100 plays but 0 likes, does this mean I should quit song writing?
What service are you using to host it?
This is all on SoundCloud.
I randomly caught a documentary about how the human body is designed to perform better under a lack of food situation rather than an excess. I was skeptical but experimented on myself, and the results were immediate and shocking (in a very positive way).
If you managed to lose 20 kg, i am guessing you were overweight to beging with.
Today marks the first time someone has ever come to me and requested I autograph a birthday card for them
I want your autograph as well. Also happy birthday.
Note: this is very serious
Wholesome
Honestly sounds like a good way to make some easy money, kids love shit like that
I too can convince a child that *scribble E L S A scribble* is Elsa's real signature!
Why are you being unkind?
I’m making a joke about children, not being unkind. Why do you jump to “unkind” so quickly?
Do you have one for Gastion?
Learned I’m the one “with all the cool sneaker” at work.
You should wear crocs one day just to see how much fashion power you have.
This is brilliant
Dont forget the socks for bonus effect
Toeless socks for the x2 bonus
or ones with individual toe places
Toe shoes make my soul hurt.
Sole* FTFY
I work in an industrial environment, and we have to wear steel toes :(
Had a really rough day today. Tell me about something positive that happened to you today.
I applied for my first job!! I’m very excited
i got antibiotics  for a sinus infection :D
My high school graduation was today
Adults of reddit, what do you do for a living?
I'm an analyst for HUD.
Social work- I work with homelessness
i had dinner with a stranger
That tattoo quote is really awesome!
We are watching Princess Bride, making cupcakes, and getting married in the morning.
As
🌈
❤🧡💛💙💚💜
❤️🧡💛💚💙💜
❤🧡❤💚💙💜
🌈, pinned discussion.
Idk what to talk about
YAS.
What's with the rainbows?
Black History Month
Okay, but wait.
Doesn't the rainbow have to be black for it to be Black History Month?
Are you a gayness?
;)
Oh...that's a rainbow. Pride Month, right?
Well...enjoy yourselves, people.
Meh
It's my 40th Birthday today.
Happy birthday to you. You live in a zoo. You look like a monkey you smell like one two
Yes I am a bit smelly sometimes. Thank you!
*to
Haha never thought of it as leveling up! Im use that from now on. 
Happy birthday though!
Thanks. Yeah I've seen a few memes about it. I can not claim that it is original :)
Haha true as the old saying goes. You made this?... I made this.
Any plans for today?
Hey! I turn 31 today! We are birthday buds! Happy Birthday!
So I assume you’re leveling up Charisma to get that sweet sweet +4 modifier?
I played my first campaign last week! I finally get these jokes, that made me lol
Have you ever heard of Critical Role?
From a 12 year old. Congratulations
Happy birthday! Treat yourself to something good today!
Happy happy birthday!!!! 🎈🎁🎂🎉🎊
Happy birthday! I too turned 40 last week and spent it in jury duty.
I've leveled up! 
wholesome af
Happy birthday! I hope it’s a great one for you!♥️
happy birthday!
- prefered name Terra &lt;3
Happy birthday! Take yourself ot for a special treat!
Happy birthday, it also happens to be my birthday today too! Birthday buddies.
Happy cakeday! I hope it is relaxing and stress free!
I had to work, but it went ok.
Level 40 is huge! Think of all the sweet raids you can do now!
We are all teenagers up to 60.
What are you talking about.
Happy birthday!!  The 40's are great!
Seems like it's going to be great, and thank you!
I level up tomorrow to 38! Happy birthday, fellow Juner! I hope it always gets better for you!
Do your knees and back hurt yet?
Down hill slide, but it is fun, enjoy the ride it goes quick. HBD...
Thanks for the happy birth day wishes!
Happy bday! Had no idea cats lived that long...
My oldest cat lived 18 years. he was a good cat. I've heard of cats living to 21!
Hugs!  Happy Bday. I’m 42!  How did we get here!?   ☺️
Ronaldo is still only 32
Not a bad age!
I feel you, tomorrow is my 39.
Happy early birthday!
Congratulations on your new level!
Woohoo thank you!
Congratulations 🎉
My internet friend who disappeared for 2 years sent me a DM today.
sooooo did they explain their disappearance?
Xelnecra bro i hope u good somewhere i wish i would hear again from u : )
Aren’t all IM’s DM’s?
WHy did they did they go off line, out of interest?
Ghosts for 2 years? Did they explain why?
Hope u'll meet him again bro
Control f my user name. No hits
Guess no one misses me :(
My dad drove four hours from NYC to Boston to deliver me soup because I had a bad day
Fortunately for you, your contract wasn't renewed, so now you can move closer to your parents.
That’s actually the plan now :)
They're gonna be so thrilled!
Certainly a shorter distance to deliver soup! 😂
Unless you want your soup specifically from Boston.
This New York soup is not to my liking!
The warehouse soup tastes SO much better Michael.
Very sweet.
FYI:
Uber Eats or Door Dash would get it and deliver to you.
Your dad is an awesome dad! That brought a smile to my face!
Good luck to you in the future!
Psychology asserts that interacting with complete strangers can greatly boost your mood so stop scrolling and dammit interact with me :D
Average. Usual stresses along with a little joy here and there.
Okay, well then.
Do you like Mudkips?
What does non-binary mean ? I am trying to learn English. Does it mean night owl?
Just trying to keep it together. My bestfriend is in the hospital fighting for her life.
I recently started eating kiwi fruit with the skin on, and I have no regrets.
This is the craziest shit I've ever seen on Reddit. 
The skin is furry, you freak.
Have you ever eaten a peach?
As long as you wash it, it'll scratch any itches in/on your bumhole. 
No ragrets.
I am very sorry for judging overweight folks. I have changed now.
I don’t really care about health. Not like I want to live for 100 years or anything.
I need to complain about recreational cyclists, don’t downvote me too much...
Try being a driver in Denmark LOL. Then you’ll really hate recreational cyclists.
Anyone else a loner and accept it?
Haven't accepted it no, I hate it. I don't do anything as a result. It's depressing.
I like being alone.
You like walking alone? Better try traveling alone. You learn so much of life.
Me too. I go hiking alone once or twice a month and it is always great.
Hiking sounds nice but I'm not fit enough to do it yet.
I'm very drunk right now
What field is your bachelor's degree in?
Nursing
Lmfao at nursing being the hardest degree you can get your bachelors in
Happiest drunk ever! Good for you! Best wishes on your boards and your wedding!
Thank you so much! Drunk me just says what sober me thinks, honestly
Sorry to hear about that
It's all good. We made up, but thank you
Yeah good to hear that
What did you get your bachelors degree in?
Nursing!
I'll think about drunk you next week during my physics exam! Cheers man!
Oh my God physics was my worst subject. I wish you the best of luck!
A drunk mind is a sober heart
Does anyone remember that Disney film, Atlantis: The Lost Empire?
Finally! Someone else who remembers it haha
Best animated movie alongside Treasure Island
Let's play a choose your own adventure game. I'll be the DM. Reply your decisions.
I just kinda hold it for a while. I think I’ll name him eugene
My Hulu account was hacked a few months back, and I let it go because the people who were using it didn't change anything on it. They only watched stuff. And then this happened:
I bet that guy considers you the bad guy.
just because you are bad guy does not mean you are a bad *guy*
Who else will crush mans head between thigh like sparrow’s egg?
I loved reading this
I know right, smart guy, decent guy, nice guy even. But don't F#CK with that guy.
My account was hacked and had something similar and I also had an “Andy’s iPhone” lmao
Chaotic neutral?
Yooo
If someone have a spare netflix profile, i can guarantee you i wont change anything, ty.
Today is the anniversary of my 2017 suicide attempt. We're celebrating. Does anyone else have a reason to celebrate today?
It's my birthday and also my last day of school for the year
Glad you are with us, and I know your boyfriend is glad too.
Congratulations. You deserve all the happiness that you have experienced and much more! xo
Well May 13th is the anniversary of me and my now wife starting to date.
That's exciting! May 13th, meaning it's already passed?
I have accidentally locked myself on my upstairs deck. My deck is full of WASPS. Chat with me in my final hours?
Jump to the ground to escape. A rolled ankle is worth escaping wasps.
I think I’d have a lot more than a rolled ankle! Also still no way to get into house...
Whatever you do, do not talk about the bee movie.
I would NEVER!
According to all known laws of aviation...
I fee like I’m reading a super hero origin story in the making
We’re on reddit too, please don’t kill our buzz =p
Did you get stung or did you survive unscathed?
I havent drunk coffee in all of my 22 years of life until recently but now that Ive given it another go I feel AMAZING
That first cup in the morning amirite
That first five cups in the morning
Honestly makes me sleepy after I drink it. Dont know whats wrong with me...
Happened to me when i was younger. I think it was the warmth. Still makes me sleepy on occasion
Huh? I thought it was just me lol. 
For me it can be cold coffee too. Idk why its weird
Lol I have to say all my 22 years cracked me up. That is adorable.
Thats my whole life thankyouverymuch
If you think that’s incredible, you should try adderal.
Is does it give you more energy than coffee?
Today my marriage is old enough to drink. I love her so much.
Reading things like this makes me smile :) hope one day I can have a wife and love her this way
I'm in my mid-30s so I'm starting to think it's not going to happen. :\
34 here. What can we do besides keep truckin'?
For the record, my wife and I met when I was 35 and she was 29. This is my second go round.
My marriage is just about to start 5th grade.   We’ve got a ways to go.
Omg nooo this got deleted. I wanna see. Anyone have a screenshot of the original post?
We met here and I'm looking for ya, Mikey from CA
Make it happen Reddit.
Good luck! 😊
What was your old account name?
I'm Mike, but not from CA or interesting
Good luck with your search!
I know a Mikey from CA! I'll send this his way!
Thank you!!
Would anyone be interested in calling into my casual conversation podcast?
That sounds pretty awesome! Idk how any of it works, but I'd at least love to listen in...
I got an A on an exam!
i'm proud of you. what was the class?
I finally get to eat protein! What should I eat first
Bacon. The answer is bacon
Bacon is one of the worst meats you can eat. Bad for cardiovascular health.
Tofu, of couse. Mix with soy sauce, stir fry it. So good.
Hell no
Hell yeah
Pizza &lt;3
A porterhouse.
A burger from Five Guys
please dont eat animals
go vegan
jk try pizza (no pineapple tho)
vegan pizza = )
Is that the disease from the back of Diet Coke cans??
Holy shit,you are going to eat a burger for the first time?
You are in for a treat
My wallpaper got download over 5k times and it makes me kinda proud
Mind sharing the wallpaper?
I always give up
I use expletives a lot.
The next person who swears is in trouble
Angry at everything and everyone because I'm disappointed nothing feel good for me. (Anhedonia).
I got the weirdest internship
That sounds lovely, I would like to play. Where can it be found?
Super
Jealous
I found my old iPhone 4 from 2011 today and discovered why I was bullied.
r/blunderyears
Deleted my dating apps for good.
It's because women are shit. Fucking stupid cunts
Woah now, this isn’t the place for that.
You’re saying there is a place for that somewhere? Yikes
Dating is hard today ...
I feel you. Dude. ❤️
Wanna date ?
Good luck. I wish good things for you
u heard of grindr?
I think you’re the 4th person to mention this 🤪
Since I’ve stopped watching messed up videos on the internet, I feel a lot better.
I did the same thing with r/dankmemes and r/me_irl . I'm bored of edgy humor about suicide
Just the name enough internet scares me lol
How come I don't have access to these subs?
I went to see a movie alone. The girl, at least a decade younger than me, said she was missing out.
God damn. That would make me feel so good. Gl with your relationships.
Her loss? She dodged a manchild.
username checks out
What was his name
Sending big dick energy your way
Over here! (Waving frantically)
Movies *should* be a solitary experience. This stigma of going to cinemas alone must end!
Not much of a stigma for me. I love going to the movies alone. I prefer it.
What a shit title
Guys don't get complimented that often, but when we do it sticks.
You get her number?
Pretty neat how with just 2 words you can make (or ruin) someones day
right, imagine if she said yea I see why instead lmaoo
Pretty wild to say that to someone you’re about to sit next to for two hours.
Are you sure she didn’t mean she’s missing out on the movie? Lol
Shhhhhh a teen would totally compliment an old dude
Maybe your date stood you up because you took her to FUCKING DETECTIVE PIKACHU
Guess she wasn't the girl for him then
Okay, so at best, she was 19, and you were 30?
Around there I think yeah.
We are talking about the seat-switcher, right? How old was your date?
I turn my AC down to 65 every night so my cat cuddles with me.
Thank you for posting this here and not on r/confession
I HATE taking showers even though I love being clean.
I HATE wiping even though I love taking poops.
Dear person reading this:
I don't understand the Books and Reading tag, but thanks! You too!
Oh, wow. Me neither, I guess it was an auto mod thing? - Blessings to you and to yours.
Books and reading made it seem like fiction but thank I really needed that
It is real and you are the realest! :)
What if I'm not a beautiful human being inside?
You are a human being. Therefore you are beautiful.
I heard some kids call Batman emo Ironman and it made me laugh all evening
And then we have Green Arrow, who by this logic is a knock-off emo Iron Man.
Poor Ollie...
It's late and I'm lonely. Lets shoot the breeze.
You still up too huh?
Its 2 pm here
Where is that exactly?
Melbourne Australia , it’s an overcast chilly Friday afternoon
Crazy. It’s 9:30 pm here. About to eat dinner
My cancer is in remission!!!!
How will you get out of cooking meth. You’re in too deep already.
Great news! What a relief.
That's awesome my dude! Congrats!
I know the term Basic Bitch is considered a condescending insult. But two times a month, my teenage daughters and I have a Basic Bitch Day, and it is AMAZING!
“My daughter is into wicca and highly intelligent” 🤣😂
What's your favorite Color
I just realised I don't have a favourite color.
Green is the best colour. Anyone saying yellow though, is *out of their mind*
black 0\_0
GPG
It's the little things in life.
Fuck i'm lonely
Virtual Hugh for you, we need it
Dafuq is a hugh?
Hugh Grant is a British actor.
At least it ain’t you aren’t lonely on ya birthday 🤦🏾‍♂️
I was tho, April 22th
Hi I'm lonely 
Fuck me
Gladly
r/redditlovestories
r/subsifellfor
Was waiting for this lmao honestly I'm rather surprised it isn't a sub
Get a dawg.
It's not enough
If you can’t find happiness alone my dude you won’t find it within someone else.
Either that's a lie or having a relationship is pointless
They kinda are, unless you want to make a brat.
Then why do people who don't want kids get into relationships?
This is wholesome af
Hello night owls, what do you do in your alone time?
Binge watch Youtube, play Skyrim, listen to music, drink cold brew coffee.
What do you watch on YouTube?
Stuff related to science, philosophy, technology and politics.
That pretty much covers all YouTube content 🙈🙈🙈
I usually listen to music or do some reading.
What do you read
I don't understand people who say they don't want to be stuck in a 9-5 cubicle job, it's the greatest thing in the world imo.
Get back to us in twenty years.
becoz 7-3 are waaaaaaaaaay better
Yeah, is this a new job? How long have you been working there?
Went out for dinner alone, happen to sit behind two people on a blind date. Cringe ensues. And yet happy ending.
Seems like they had the same sense of humor. Humor is really important!
That's a nice twist, from your title I thought it was going to end up awful for them
I thought he was going to get punched and have his lies exposed
Quit my job in the corporate world to work at a bakery. Best decision I’ve made.
Sorry but all i feel is jealousy
What are your thoughts on Fennekin?
Very cute. I prefer the sleepy one. Snorlax. Him.
I did a 'Hunger Games' Themed team for Y. Mine was named Katniss.
Who was Peeta?
Peeta - Venasaur
Gale - Absol
Prim - Sylveon
Johannah - Heracross
Finn - Goodra (Yuck...)
Nice team!
Thanks. I'm happy with how 'on theme' it was. Even if Goodra is totally useless.
Does anyone else feel absolutely touch-starved sometimes?
Yes. this is why I get a monthly massage. The gentle touching just feels so good.
sometimes i just want a hug real bad yk?
Sending you one 🤗
Every second of every day. Regular hugs/cuddles are the only thing I miss about marriage
Honestly yea. I need a hug or something.
You know what's great? When a girl rests her head on your shoulder
This was so hard to read.. broke up with her 3 days ago
Unless she is peeking as your phone!  😆
I just finished watching all the Marvel Cinematic Universe films for the first time.
Boy oh boy are you in for one hell of a movie.
What made you cry?
Endgame was pandering bullshit.
Have you been able to successfully avoid spoilers?
Thor Ragnarok is the best in the MCU, change my mind
Leave a comment about your day, week, or month and I’ll recommend a song for you!
I've been drunk since Thursday evening.
Still recovering from surgery.
Nothing by The Cat Empire
Nice!  Good suggestion!
Today is gloomy, I have been playing video games and eating all day
Worked this rainy Sunday and it feels so ordinary. Feeling a bit under the weather.
Jimmies Song by Emanuel and the Fear
Im a nursing student and all I do is study. Have any good studying tunes?
Had a warm day, I’ve been feeling spaced out but I’m laying down to take a nap now.
Played some soccer and since have just been chillin on my bed.
Impromptu yard sale :)
Nervous/anxious/angry about upcoming graduation. Sounds weird, don't it? Maybe a challenge, lol.
Making me Nervous by Brad Sucks
What is your favorite sad song?
Literally anything by Joji
Never heard of him. Like it already.
Last Kiss by J Frank Wilson and the Cavaliers.
Almost at 100 books for the year
Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy
Flowers for Algernon
Today my husband and I bought a new bed, went grocery shopping, then came home and poured ourselves a drink. I just ordered Chinese takeout &amp; about to watch Greys.
Watching Greys Anatomy will put anyone in a dark place.
Are you watching the newest season???
Yes the most recent episode I watched.
Poor Tom, am I right? :(
Thanks for the post and for the boost. Hope You Keep on having great moments in life. 😀
I had to put my dog down yesterday and my heart just hurts too much right now
Sorry to hear about your loss a dog is truly a mans best friend.
Thank you, he was the best and the world is a little darker today without him
Not to replace him, but could you adopt another dog? It might replicate similar feelings
I'm so sorry for your loss.  There really is no love quite like the love from a dog. &lt;3
I (18f) finally told my boyfriend (18m) I have aspergers!
That is so awesome! Also, I want to say that I love all the positivity in this thread!
Somehow I read this as I got accepted into Rutgers
Hello Reddit champions! What are you most excited about this weekend?
I put butt e and Maple Street on a bed
FA Cup Final on Saturday and the final Game of Thrones episode on Sunday.
What show should I binge watch?
Peaky blinders
My mom would like to recommend Hannibal.
is that like silence of the lambs related?
On lunch breaks, I take my shirt off, climb trees, and explore the woods like a wild animal.
Man, I wish I had the woods at work!
fucking me too.
I feel like you would be an incredibly interesting person to know
Thank you. Very few people know me on this level. The people who do are my true friends.
Does that mean we are your true friends?
Yes. We are 100% real friends.
You can take the man out of the jungle,..
What is R&amp;D?
Do you shit in the woods? 😂
This sounds made up
What's the first country you of think when you think of Germany?
Germany
Interesting observation, lol
Well, did you not want honesty?
Of course I did. It was just funny. It's a completely valid answer, thanks
Or there’s always “Purple, because aliens don’t wear hats.”
How do you know they don't wear hats?
I know things.
Afghanistan
Hmm, why do you think Afghanistan comes to your mind?
Turkey, japan and Italy
Something about WWII as well?
I am young and alive
Well this makes me feel like shit
[NotQuestionLady] but hey 5q for thursday
Bead or no bead?
Dammit that's a good one. 
And bead. (;
I don't like anime unless it is extremely well done. Anime fans out there - what do you consider to be top shelf?
Samurai Champloo, Michiko y Hatchin, Cowboy Bebop
I literally am obsessed with pillows
Hey, at least it's not a sexual fetish
Do you fuck them?
No sir
I'll buy your entire stock
Never!
I guess we're doing this the hard way then!
And how will that be? How we doin it
I'm gonna steal your pillows mate, gonna take em all
You ain’t about it
You have no idea what I'll do to keep my title as king of the pillows
Wait so you have a fat ass collection of pillows too?
dude pillows are the best, of course i do
How manyyyyy
about 8 at the moment
Haha I win
Not once I take all your pillows
Not gonna happen player
You know that blue pillow you like to rest your legs on? That one's going next
Being an adult must be fun, you can do shit like this without being judged
As a representative of /r/toomanypillows I formally declare war on your way of life!
But it’s not decorative it’s comfy ones
Have you ever thought of making a bed entirely out of pillows?
A cute guy talked to me in my apartment building
Thanks for sharing this. I hope you see him again
I got out of my bubble, spoke to strangers and one of them gave me a gift.
Congratulations, I’m still uncomfortable going to the damn shops.
I'm getting married today
Congratulations!  Marriage is beautiful and hard so don't neglect it. (27 years so far)
Obama?
I hope I’ll have this someday. Feels like I’ll never have someone...
I had a psycho lady lie and sue me for $7,000. Today during trial, I exposed her lies and WON BITCHES!
congratulations! storys like these want me to never ever get a roomate
I legit never will again.
Did she become a millionaire by suing others?
Either that or sleeping with doctors
She was a millionaire and needed a roommate ?        
Maybe he was her 143rd roommate after she sued all the others for $7,000 each?
&gt;Satan can kiss my butthole.
I wouldn't let her.
So now do you get to sue her to recoup legal fees?
I didn’t spend any on legal fees, I couldn’t afford to. Had to rep myself.
How many bitches did she pay you??
How many bitches did you win?
A lawyer that lost the case...
#ironic.
Shouldn't there be a sub for this tipe of tenant hell stories?
I was wondering that when I posted myself! A few replies have shown some bad stories lol.
Until I started driving, I didn't even know I was seeing the world differently.
This is seriously fascinating to read about!
Thanks. Do you have any questions?
Did you not wink ever in your life?
I Just Earned the Eagle Rank in Boy Scouts
Nobody gives a shit.
thats my main goal in life, but im a scout...
Congrats! I have my Eagle Board of Review this Wednesday.
Your thoughts on (Ice) Hockey
Been a fan since I can remember, go to games every year, fuck the pens. Greatest sport on earth.
&gt; fuck the pens
I like the way you think. Personally, nothing good exists in Western PA
amen, couple breweries maybe but that's about it
I'm assuming you're from Philly and/or Washington DC?
Nah more central/northish
Michigan?
Nope, in PA just not south.
I am a girl and was shamed for lifting weights.
Should of said : lucky because I don’t like obese guys.
Little mean but works I guess
I think op handled it a lot better than just name calling
Can you all hear it????
Yup, you all can... it's their insecurities you can hear 😅
What is the point of this post?
f*** it all - i'm back, thursday q's
Welcome back
1. Well we made it to Thursday that's new
2.
that's cool! stan lee, the legend
Super kind too. I am digging your name.
I cut a huge gash in my foot.
whoa what the - u ok?
Tis but a scratch,  fucken hurts though.
i'm.. i'm not sure if a gash = a scratch but okay
Why it’s important to be nice in this sub.
So.. now that I'm curious. What is your original post about?
Definitely want to know what made OP so happy
My husband made a lovely post and it made it's way to me
i saw his post, then immediately urs, and i’m in awe of you two
Thank you lol
Was it the post when he said something about being a drywall expert??
I saw that post yesterday (I think??)! But I wish you two the best!
I saw his post! And now I am fangirling. You two are incredibly adorable :)
d'aww you guys are cute
it's gross
Gross is the last thing that came to my mind...
Your husband went through a lot of effort to find out your Reddit username.
Dont think the point had anything to do with finding out my username
This is so weird!  Why do you need to tell each other how you feel over the internet?  
God damn
Omg this is too cute for my heart to handle 😭
Thank you :) I'm glad so many people like it
Are ya'll going to keep the same reddit accounts now?
I have no reason to change mine I dont care if he sees what I post so I'll be keeping mine
*its
Yea my bad it automatically put it's in there and I didn't proof read it
Oh you actually responded to my comment
Sorry, not tryna be rude
No problem I did not take it as you being rude
Practicing with my tarot cards
Should I do my homework now or wait till next weak
Is the time right for my household to get a new puppy?
No not the right time. Will not turn out the way you expect if you get a new animal rn.
How will work go for me commencing today for a months time?
My wife scrolls this sub a lot. It would be really neat if she saw this.
Please tell her all this in person!
I’m not good at expressing this stuff.
That is so cute
わたし わ Mao です
We don't share our reddit usernames
GO CHECK OUT SMURF\_MY\_SMURf!!!
That’s why it’s an update.
She also says their marriage is broken
Hey, how about we exchange usernames?!
r/awardspeechedits
What’s this mean?
Cheesy asf
Today, a man was drinking and blaring his vulgar music on a portable speaker in a packed train and I worked up the courage to ask him to stop that
Thank you 
Sincerely 
The other introverts of the world
Thank you. On behalf of everyone who’s ever been on a train in that situation.
lol at describing the music as vulgar
What's wrong with describing music as vulgar? Does vulgar music not exist?
Does Mr Brightside count as vulgar?
This sounds very British, OP are you British?
&gt;too vulgar to ignore
Grow the fuck up.
Ironic
No shit, Captain Obvious.
Seek help
HELP! I'M BEING ASSAILED BY AN ABSOLUTE MORON ON REDDIT!
Am I doing this right?
Truly pitiful
Don't be so hard on yourself. You're doing your best and that's all that matters. =D
Morality police in full force that's what it is.
I did this once on a bus, the guy showed me his gun and, thus, he won.
3 months!!!
Goodd jobb fam!!!!
That really isn't anything to be proud about.....you'll be back on it, sooner or later
Interesting you frequent r/teenagers yet you also post this? Hmm....
I've known addicts as young as 12, what's your point?
If you're old enough to remember life before internet, what is your first memory of the web?
My embarrassing first email address.
Come on, You gotta tell us what it was! lol
My boyfriend and I just acquired the most unexpected friends in the weirdest way.
Anyone care to mention that there is a weird alcoholism/dance drunk monkey vibe?
Kissing was different from my expectation
🤗... Aww how cute! I was 21 when I got my first kiss.
Same. It was awkward too, but next are very enjoyable :3
just turned 21... i hope this would be my year too HAHAHA
I'm 29 never dated or been kissed. Consider yourself lucky I guess.
Just wait until you bang your teeth together.
i’m an aunt!!!
I'm 23 years old, and I have a nephew who's 17 years old. Talk about brain wreck.
Dating is exhausting
I’m tired of JoJo’s Bizarre Adventures being referenced and quoted everywhere
i can't beat the shit out of you without getting closer
... you’re on thin ice
This isn't going to stop us tho, hinjaku hinjaku
I stopped watching PewDiePie and I feel great.
I never understood why people like him, he’s so antisemitic
You shouldn't be on Reddit if you are only 11. This rule is for your own protection.
I'm not 11.
You said you were nine in 2017.
XD, Good one right there.
I’m very lonely, and pretty depressed. Anyone want a friend?
corn
Haha korn?
no just corn, I want popcorn right now
Word. What topping?
salt
I like cheddar cheese
on your popcorn? wtf
Do you play Overwatch? Because I’m always down to play with people :)
I don’t have it, do you have a ps4?
Hi!!!! Could we be friends? :')
Reddit is unexpectedly fascinating
It's strange, interesting, good, bad and everything in between.
I’m a grown man who can’t sleep because I saw a scary movie
I LITERALLY watched this tonight and refuse to go to bed!!!!! I loved it, but I’m terrified!
I hate going through a drive thru, and their only menu is right at the speaker, but they immediately ask what you want.
NO MORE AND THEN!
Aanddd theeennn???
No! No and then!
Do you ever get a weird feeling when you look at your own name?
You're a weird guy, Justin.
Is your name actually Justin?
Do any of you men out there like when you get cat called? (for lack of a better term)
No. I find it unpleasant.
I tried showering in the dark, and I love it
But then the monsters can get you.....
I know how it feels and yes, is so relaxing, but usually I put a candle so I can see a little.
Now try the shower while you sit down in the dark.... I love that
My FAVOURITE thing, especially when I have a bad hangover lol
I do it when i have a headache
it's also a great place to cry when you have a kidney stone
My girlfriend gave me a really sweet compliment today and It has made me very happy.
Happy for you ;)
How old are you? Just curious.
she...she has chickens.... u took care of her chickens.....🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
That’s clucking adorable.
I get really uncomfortable whenever I'm complimented.
&gt; Tasmanian
It's good to see that you have such a close relationship with your sister.
How was it on the moon?
I just joined this sub and I'm curious what the average demographic is here, so tell me whatever you're comfortable saying about yourself.
Mid 20s, cyber sec, hates Tuesdays more than mondays.
Hmm..care to elaborate on the Tuesday thing?
Mondays are my short days, Tuesdays not so much.
Makes sense. I have Mondays off. By the way, what does go flyers mean?
Philadelphia Flyers, favorite hockey team!
Ah okay, but how did you get it by your name?
I unknowingly became friends with a drug kingpin, and his outlook on life and such changed my personal views and the way I thought.
This is so wholesome. I hope you're both doing well with yourselves.
Thanks, I’m doing better than ever! Hope youre doing good too
Plot twist: OP is the kingpin
Holy shit dude you were friends with NoHo Hank
I don't really get why so many people love The Office
I only watched it for the girl with the huge knockers.
Now I'm just wondering what this means...
What are your plans for this weekend ?
Nada. Clean, read, write, perhaps go to the gardens or for a drive.
Yea, I mean its something to do at least.
I’m also working on a quilt for charity
I'm 32 years old, and I'm still grateful that I don't have to do homework.
Good luck with the taxes
Everyone does taxes, son
My grown, business man neighbor is riding a unicycle up and down his driveway
Your post made me smile.  Thank you!
Same here!
Same here^2
Same here^3
You just added some joy to his life lol
My husband is finally ready for kids and wants to start trying to get pregnant!!!
We get it you have sex
I upvote benign comments sitting at 0 or lower such as Lmao that usually get downvoted
You sir... you deserve some gold. I wish I could give you some
I've already got some, friend! No need to worry!
Oh, hooray!
Want some silver?
Oh, you are too kind! I can't accept! 😊
Keep it for something you find that deserves it!
I have never downvoted anyone. I’m a people pleaser
I lost my parents to illness and i really just want to talk about them
Where were your parents born? Where did they grow up?
At 7:30 this morning I deployed out of a helicopter into 15-20ft seas and saved three people and a dog.
If i could buy you a beer (or a beverage of your choice) id be glad to
What kind of dog though
I'm gonna get a meal in to menu in the restaurant I work at
Show us this dish. NOW!
Do you mean sous chef?
Im proud of myself
Thunderstorms are amazing.
I play thunderstorm sounds on my phone the entire time I’m asleep, every night.
I would sleep with you anytime.
THAT WHENT FROM 0 TO 100 REAL QUICK
I’m simply saying that I would sleep with them. I sleep well with those sounds.
I know, it just sounds like something... else
I created a chat
Today I saw an introvert trying to step out of his comfort zone
Good guy OP nice job lookin out for humanity
Thank you, u/NeckbeardVirgin69
And people say alcohol can't solve anything. Pssh
Not in my city - people would walk over your cold corpse before talking to you
Why do you type out every word except rly?
Your grammar gives me a headache.
Possibly unpopular statement but introverts don't necessarily need fixing
my friend asked me if i had ever had a girlfriend
You go mah duuude.
Party on, and be excellent.
Party on and be excellent. I love this. Makes me feel all warm and 90’s.
Tbh when I feel like I'm in the 90's it's usually not a positive feeling but I agree with you
Oh man the 90s were kind of the good old days when you still had to keep your mouth shut
I think he's making a joke, as in he feels 90 years old?
Oh no I meant 1990-1999
......
Yes I'm aware of what you were doing. I'm telling you he was making a joke.
Good for you! Be yourself.
ur a dude or a girl?
Wow that’s so good!! Surround yourself with people that accept who you are
it made me so happy &lt;3
I sincerely wish you continue to be happy :)
Sorry, I'm confused - what gender are you?
Any luck catching someone?
That's not good. You're supposed to only like Girls.
Redditors, let's play a game!
I have eidetic(photographic) memory 
I'm an orphan
Because the two others are oddly specific, #2 seems like the fake one
I wish i had 1, but that's false
Now you have to tell me about your memory. How do you use it ?
i speak french
i have french citizenship
i have been to France
You haven’t been to France right ?
wrong, i dont have citizenship
Oh, you’re an expat ?
I've had brain surgery
I don't have wisdom teeth.
I'm allergic to peanuts.
You aren’t allergic to peanuts ?
Correct
My daughter's first experience in a Uber.
I have never and will never use an Uber.
I find that cabbies tend to be minorities from out of the country, I like that.
Took ~20 uber in my life, and all of them except 1 ! were from north Africa.
That has changed. A lot of uber drivers are minorities now.
Maybe. But Texas isn’t very diverse.
Tell her to only get into cars with strangers when she's with you or when you tell her.
I have homework due in an hour so hmu
What kind of homework is it?
Calculus, end my suffering.
Oh, jeez. Lol. Hope it wasn't too hard. I suck HARD at math and whatever has numbers in it.
Have you ever wondered what those things at the end of a shoelace are called?
What are you all up to right now?
I started watching the second season of Stranger Things, and now am peeing
Laying in bed trying to go to sleep but I can’t get this girl off my mind
Is she a friend? Co-worker?
Woman stopped next to me at a red light yelled at me to tell me I'm beautiful.
It's wonderful when woman lift each other up 💜
The world needs more women like this!
lemme guess, if a man did the exact same thing you'd be either weirded out or just tell him off.
Imagine crying about having acne, oof
Anyone else love autumn time?
Yeah, i love the winter more but autumn is nice
Sweater season!!!!!!!
I have a rare disorder called distichiasis.
Hmm, the most interesting thing about me... I published a Slovak cookbook.
Wow! Congratulations. Which dish was your favourite?
I have a bifid uvula.
Honestly, I’m drunk right now and have never ever posted on this sub and I just wanna talk to some people about totally random topics. So ask some completely random questions and I’m down to answer whatever you wanna know!
Hard to my momma’s pancakes and French toast. I’m a sucker for some good pancakes.
French toast sounds so good rn
My mom was declared cancer free but I come here with a PSA
Very important advice
Going now
I'm so self conscious of my breath it smells alot...
Honestly good advice, but I'm here for a good time not a long time
Won't be that good of a time with a preventable illness.
I wont live long enough to get any illnesses tbh.
I really can’t afford to see a doctor
Sorry to be blunt but funerals ain't cheap either.
Its cheaper than what it cost for me to take a 5 mile trip in an ambulance to the hospital
Just had mine removed in the last week. So fucking lucky it was caught early.
Does everyone here has a SO?
I don’t 
But I am 14
Yes.  Met in HS.  Got married many yrs later
I make love to your sister
What the hell does SO even mean?
My friends called me famous for having two followers on Twitter, they are the two followers
I call them friends
Those are some really nice friends, I envy you :)
I have made it to day 3!
I obviously don't know you but I'm proud. I hope you keep it up :)
Its my 13th day of no smoking.
I just won $100 on a slot machine.
Well, i remember my dad loossing 1k in one night, when he won 500
Nice, don't do it ever again lol
My toddler saw a turtle and, without prompting, called it a “terradoom.” And I’m not sure that I want to correct him.
Terradoom sounds like a turtle-based Pokémon name to be completely honest haha.
Post to /r/rimworld 
Dont ask why, would take to long and make us sound weird, just go with it.
Not asking why, but just make this exact text post there?
I’m not against it.
I stood up for a lady on the bus a few weeks ago and pissed off the guy that was harassing her
Thank you for choosing solidarity.
[Tylko jeśli pochodzą ze smażonymi ziemniakami lub kurczakiem. (Dzięki Google tłumacz)]
Tldr pls???
Did she continue to ride the bus?
We got off together at the next stop :) it was a stop early for me but I don't mind
No did she come back the next day and thereafter?
Just got an amazing job offer. I've doubled my salary in two years. Oh and I'm a high school dropout with no degree.
Hey, that’s awesome! Congratulations!
Thank you so much I'm honestly still in shock. Thank you for commenting!
Congrats man .....
You did it, and I'm proud of you. We all are.
Congrats! Hope the job is worth it. What is the job out of curiosity?
Hard work doesn't pay off but sometimes you get lucky
You're entitled to think that, but I respectfully disagree.
Can I ask why you dropped out of high school? Not to be rude just curious. I dropped out as well
What did you go from 100 dollars a year to 200
Well done lad!
Lass* and thank you!
Am I the only one who loves thunderstorms?
Thunderstorms are pretty common to enjoy/admire.
Whats for Dinner?
🐔🍚🍳
Chicken rice stir-fry
ooo stir fry sounds like a possibility.
Just eggs.  I'm on a budget and I can get a 60 egg box for 5 bucks at Walmart
Day 1 no smoking :/
Well done!!!!!! Keep up the amazing work. You’re a rock star.
If it makes you feel any better you already did the hardest part.
Hope you made it through the day!
Life is really great when you don't have high expectations.
It's all fun and games until there's kids and then your bills get huge.
I am super bored so let's play a game! Give me a song that defines you?
Broke by Will Jay
This Year For Halloween, Please Be Considerate To Teenagers Out Trick-Or-Treating
u get a hug *hug*
Thank
*giant hug*
Big thank
welcome, have a nice everything, have a life as great as you are
Hold up, is your name actually Phoenix? Am I not the only one?!
Yes it is, hello friend
Alright, sorry to say, we have to fight to the death, only the winner can remain Phoenix.
I agree Phoenix. What type of battle suits your fancy ?
Thanks for the update.👹
Ah yes, a fellow Arizonian
Buy your own candy.
I can't afford to
No hate. What’s your address? I’ll send you some. What’s your costume by the way?
Kids this days.
In my state, its illegal for teenagers to trick or treat lmao
dONt YoU hAvE a PaRtY tO bE aT?
At 15 I did not. Thanks for reminding me
I’m fourteen but I look 17,  and I dress as the dumbest thing I can find
I’m in my late twenties and I still often imagine that I’m a female knight or Jedi warrior. What kind of things do you pretend?
I pretend to be happy.
Yuppppp.  I also pretend to have my life together.
Sometimes I daydream about being a aerial killer also.
I just called my Grandma and when she answered the first thing she said was, well isn't this my lucky week??
My grandparents and anyone elderly I knew growing up are dead and have been for a while.
I haven't talked to my grandma for years LOL
Damn, I really dislike Ross
Who?
That guy from friends
Rachael should’ve ended up with Joey.
I just made the best burger of my life.
So whatd you put on said smash burger?
Caramelised onions, tomato and toasted brioche bun to top it off.
Brioche buns really are the best buns.
Yes!  Here's a LPT to try out:. Kings Hawaiian rolls as burger (slider) buns.  SO GOOD
Any cheese?
Netflix doesnt have lotr fellowship of the ring and I'm mad.
My country has fellowship and two towers but not return.
So weird! Why not just have them all??
I got engaged last night and haven’t been able to sleep
Congrats
I’m always envious of love for some reason
Me too. Mostly because i never experienced it.
Congrats to op. You sure seem like a lucky one.
My roommate assaulted me and my girl left me...and I feel amazing?
That just means you didn’t really need them. Congrats on getting your life better!
I’m also in Thailand and my life is falling apart haha
when u get rich af i could really use some money
Dude your account is 7 years old and you have 13,000 karma
Dude, same shit basically happened to me! Stay strong love!
I left the house, and went shopping in my own!
A used wii lol
My neighbour is flying a skull and crossbones flag on a flagpole in his front yard and it’s just weird
Tampa Bay fan?
Perhaps. Although I’m in Australia
It's probably meant tongue-in-cheek. He may have recently become a fan of pirates.
I just learned what see you not if I see you first means
Oh my gosh! I never knew this. Although it makes so much more sense now.
... Whelp. TIL.
Yeah, English is a funny and weird language at times as a Seond-English speaker
I didn't know until this very second.
I always interpreted it as enthusiasm. 😂
That's what I thought! I thought it was more like see you! Back at ya!
Is Downtown Abbey good?
I saw the trailer and I want to see it now but I guess I have to wait
Two songs that define you
Yes I'm Changing - Tame Impala
Femme Fatale - The Velvet Underground
So I fired one of my employees &amp;...
Most of time people fire themselves, the boss just makes it official.
Could only ever wish for an employer with the handle of butt_salamander
We all have our proclivities lol
&gt; Talking to his fans
Wait, what? Also, how old was he?
He's in his mid 30's. He can tell his fans now that he was promoted from employee to customer.
What Fans dose a (former) forklift driver (who still lives with his parents?) have?
His fans?
Also, who brings mommy in to work to help fix a problem?  Guy sounds like a loser.
Just had to make it 100 comments
I really like your attitude :)
Is his job available?
Thank you, Im serious. What state are you located?
You replied to yourself not OP
I've got two psychology degress but I've decided to work at a pet shop instead!
Hey I did my electrical engineering and I’m working as a python developer 😂😂
It’s all fate mate.
American education smh
Why are you passionate about your future?
Hopefully in germany, working in a good job, eith 2 cats and doggos
German Shepherds, I hope?
Any of em works tbh, i want a big giant one and a one minnion ^ ^
I'm starting college this week and I'm so excited to learn and grow!
Congratulations!! It's a huge step forward and super fun. What's your major?
Who else here loves music a lot?
Do you play any instruments?
I play acoustic, piano, and songwrite. I do raps too but just for fun, nothing serious.
Best rap album of 2018, go.
It's between Victory Lap (Nipsey Hussle) and Taboo (Denzel Curry)
I have an anti vax dad and a slightly vaccine hesitant mom and am finally planning to get the shots I missed
Go get em! I've had the whole lot and I'm almost definitely not autistic.
I have them all and I am autistic but that's unrelated
Get it now, just do it
I’m going to call right on Monday when they’re open!
What’s your dad’s reasoning for opposing them?
Mainly cause he think they cause autism and that crap, ugh
My kid has decided she is not ready for a pet yet and I think its great
I would be incredibly proud too. This is a very responsible decision.
Yeah, OPs daughter is amazing :)
I’m waking up to the rain on my window and my two cats kneading and snuggling me.
Oh cats are the best. I love talking to people, it really helps relieve stress
They're tenderizing you for later consumption.  *Run*.
Oh, did it rain cats and dogs
A cup of tea on a Saturday morning. Ziggy my arsehole cat sitting between my legs.
I’m getting married in twelve and a half hours!
Half an hour to go mate
I did it!!! I’m married!
Today , I was high AF and I asked my mom (involuntary) how she's doing and her face lit up.
Guess I'm calling Mom tonight
You better , friendo.
Did u make it a daily thing yet?
Yeah man , absolutely. Thanks for checking in. She still smiles like an angel :)
Thats cause ur her angel.
That is so sweet , thanks man !
Can anyone recommend things to enjoy or fandoms to join?
Start a punk band
I WISH
Warhammer 40000. The Emperor protects.
I cried after a conversation with my girlfriend.
I cried after reading a conversation you had with your girlfriend!
My 2YO daughter said I love you for the first time
so pure, i hope she grows up to be great just like you are!
I'm a girl. When I water my plants, I put the hose in-between my legs so I can pretend I'm peeing on them.
i’ve done this and it makes me feel powerful
Guess who's life is going great right now!
Thank you!!!
This is my first day on the board and man do I love all these positive posts/questions!
My gf fell asleep to me reading last night
Aaaw thats cute
Here im reading these cute posts and im like ...it must be good to have someone who loves you
Hang in there bud
Hang.. In where?
There
Ok ill go back in my rope
...hammock
Huh...since when tied ropes called hammock?
More comfortable to die that way.
Should try oneday
You can only die once.
Nah im a cat
I feel you. Pretty much in the same place myself, the right one will come eventually
And this is the 10th time im reading this sentence wow
Wish you could redeem those comments for free coffee
Ye coffee would be good rn
coffee and some company, hope you find someone soon, man
preferably a girl
Tfw no gf to read/tell stories to 😰
Wow, these are my relationship goals. Why am I single?
dang cant relate
I quit my higher paying job to go back to my old job. Happiness is more important than money.
Proud of you
Good choice, no pockets in a shroud.
I'm so excited my new bird is starting to trust me!!
Can we get a video of Ozzy getting pumped to Crazy Train?
He’s so beautiful? What kind of bird is he?
tuesday the q's day, ya'll! 5 q's for ya..
haha love that naming convention dog = dog
It just makes sense
go with what you know--- plus can't ever forget the name that way lol
My cat is called kitty. It works
Sounds good to me
I used to live in a zoo. There's too many animals to name
How does that work exactly?
Ever had a poo so big that you considered selling your soul for sweet relief?
This was so funny, omg. I hope your intestines are fine.
Picture or it never happened
How dare you suggest that I wouldn’t have a picture of my first child?
Greens. 
Also, try blowing your nose hard during delivery next time.
Does blowing your nose help? Never heard about it
Have you ever thought that you’re too weird to have meaningful friendships?
Lol yes, I am way too fucked up to have any meaningful relationships.
My son is talking to me
How amazing.  But now half of reddit is crying too!
the first day's the toughest- 5 q's for ya'lllll
1. Work
2. What?
3. Money
4. Yes
MONEY
2. I can say more than 2019 years
3. Earning money
4. Elon or keanu
5. Yep
eloooon
Ill suck his dick for a tesla tbh
After 10 years of being disabled from brain surgery, I am going on my first job interview today.
Good luck it looks like you fought hard for this keep it up 👍
It hasn't been 10 years 🤔
so wait the half-a-brain person is doing better than me fuck
This sub is really going downhill.
r/ punpatrol here! You had me in the first half not gonna lie.
r/pun you can't take down 2 of us!
Damn! Where’s the backup!
That's right. Run!
Does anyone else want to drop off the grid and live alone in a secluded place living a self sufficient life? Or is it just me?
Amish?
Tell us a random fact about YOU!
I dont have any toes.
oh how come?
I helped raise a falcon once.
I make music on my computer
Electronic, specifically edm
What kind of EDM?
Progressive house, trance, big room, big room trance, future bounce, future house etc.
My favourite band is the Beatles.
My pupils don't dialaite
I’ve had 17 surgeries
My sole purpose in existence is work.
I recently ate squid for the first time ever
I put flowers on random graves in my local cemetery
That's the most wholesome thing on this godforsaken website
Thanks ♥️😂 doubt it tho 😂😂
Please ask blind/disabled people if they want help before helping them.
Does that happen often? I can’t how much it would suck.
It hasn’t happened to me that much but it does suck when it does.
What do you see? What do you dream?
I don’t remember my dreams and see light and shadows.
Thank you, sounds scary do you have a lot of friends?
how did you write this when you're blind?
Just curious
I think a lot of people just really want to be heroes
Maybe but they still should ask and if we say no, listen to us.
How are you typing and reading?
Using the Screen reader on my phone.
Sorry for the late reply, I just read your response.
Wait, how did you write this
My physiotherapist fixed my malpositioned lumbar vertebra. It caused me pain for YEARS and made my life miserable.
the same thing happened to me, 10 yrs of misery gone in an instant
I want to make a story with y'all.
When I woke up this morning I couldn't see.
I rubbed my eyes and stumbled out of bed, hitting a table and hurting my knee.
After hopping around on one foot I felt something wet, it was pee.
You wouldn’t believe what happened last night
Aliens visited my house!
I know it sounds crazy, but I have proof- let me show you
They left their burrito wrappers all over my lawn.
And then a fluffy cat licked the burritos.
The cat reacted to the alien burritos in a strange way.
It became an alien itself!
And that's how my cat got deported.
That was my evidence for you, but now I have this for you instead
It's a cupcake, you deserve it.
*person #2:* thanks! But what does this have to do with aliens?
Guys, I want to pet a duck SO fucking bad.
This is an achievable goal.
You have to get a baby chick at the same time, but it has to be a rooster chick
Don't let this distract you from the fact that ducks are serial rapists
Yeah but they have little wingies so
Let’s make this ducking happen!
I raised ducks. Can confirm it’s a very nice experience, until they shit on your lap.
Mmm bro... duck have small IQ than cat and dog :o
What are you some kinda bird brain?
Shoutout to everyone who’s been making progress that no one recognizes because theyre not things you typically mention to others.
Thanks mate. 45 days clean off heroin but I can't tell anyone. Needed that.
I can only imagine how hard that is, mad respect for you! Keep it up :)
Kia ora bro. I appreciate that and I will.
For someone who's visiting NZ at the end of this year that was cool to read :)
I’m over here doing a little happy dance for you. Legit.
 Are you singing LalalaHurray while doing so?
 Thanks heaps cuz. I appreciate it.
I lost my job yesterday and realized how little it matters
Kids are the best thing in the world, hands down
Stop, this is to wholesome for me too handle!
Reality sets in when bills are due...
What's your obsession?
Bears, Beets, Battlestar Galactica
Identity theft isn't a joke, Jim.
Films.
I met my junior high internet best friend this week, by accident
Post an update!!
Definitely! We’re planning on hanging out soon, I’ll let you guys know how it goes!
Yay! Great story! Please let us know how it goes
Woahhhh small world aye
I know right!
Update us pleaseeee ahahah
Love story of the year! Congrats, guys! Hope it works out.
I don’t care about anything, just get married
Noooooo
Yessssss
##Noooooo
*yessssss*
###nooooooo
_yessssss_
#noooooo
#_yessssss_
N o o o o o o
⅄ǝsssssss
Wait what how did you do that
I went to the cinema alone for the first time today, it was fucking amazing☺️
It's one of the best experiences because you have no one to bother you or talking to you.
Totally agree! Thinking of buying myself a monthly cinema pass and doing it more often
Bravo, welcome to the club. Soon you'll prefer all kinds of stuff alone 🤣
Huzzah! We surpassed 777,777 subscribers!
noice
So next goal is 999,999 and 1000,000, right?
Why are six infinity glyphs not enough for you?!
What's wrong with 888,888?
Gotta be a Bungie dev.
xqcM my post now
I'm so excited! My wife got published!
Wow. I saw that story.
Crazy really? We live in a small town, so it's just about the biggest buzz here right now
Congrats dude or gal, happy to hear that
Partner asked me to move in!
Glad for ya, I’m still waiting to find my someone :), wish you two the best!
You mean boyfriend? Or do you two own a business together?
There are some downsides tho. For instance, you gotta hold in your farts again...
Umm doubt it
This is r/casualconversation not r/congratslikeimfive
How tall is he?
Nobody I know cares. But I need to tell somebody.
Ah ledge pal! Congratulations! Have you set a rough date? You must be buzzing 😊
November 7th is what we are shooting for. And I am
This year? Bloody hell! Quick off the blocks, nice one! 💚
Just donated bone marrow today to save a stranger’s baby. There is a serious lack of available donors, especially for people of color.
why does the skin color matter? is it something medical or just agenda pushing?
I (20 F) went bra shopping for the first time in a few years and need to talk about my experience.
All boobs are nice boobs
- 99% of guys
Have you seen /r/ABraThatFits?  Its the greatest public service thing I have ever seen!
Bless you!
My boyfriend is just cute.
Glad you found someone 🤗
Without that emoji this could've sounded very passive aggressive
I’m guy who just went through a breakup and this is making me cry.
Haha cute! I hope I'll have something like that someday. :)
damn can I get a girlfriend already
How’d you meet him?
Your happiness sickens me.
Does anyone know any tasty Tea?
Try r/tea :)
Thanks, I didn't know there was a sub for Tea XD
There's a sub for just about *everything* :)
That's why I love Reddit, you're bound to find a sub that's perfect for you XD
I know! And, if you can't find it, you can make it! 🤣
Late night chat? :)
5:45 a.m. here I'm not a very good sleeper lol
man i feel you. i use pills to sleep haha
11:47 here, we share time zone i guess
nice. whats vaguest description of your state?
I live constantly surrounded by earthquakes and mountains, can u guess?
honestly no lmao. mexico?
Cold, going to the south
are you in South America?
Warm warm
1:05 here in Toronto. Try and guess what show I'm watching.
I (F) grew up rural and was always intimidated when going to The Big City. I felt ‘not good/cool enough’. Now I work in Times Square NYC, and every time I see someone with ~that~ look on their face, I compliment their outfit. I can tell by their smiles that it makes them feel good
You are the best type of person. Good on you. We need more of this in all our lives.
Aw thanks!
Not all heroes wear capes!
You’re awesome!
YOU are awesome as well, my friend. Also, that icon, does that mean it’s your cake day?
Well you are a totally awesome human being
Thank you. I’m sure you are too (and would love to hear about it)
You're very welcome. And I'm pretty sure I'm not
I am gonna try doing this too. Thanks for the idea. You are a kind person.
YOU THAT EVERYDAY HERO!
You are the best!
 Have you ever watched Black Mirror series?
No smoking for almost a month
That's awesome. Keep it up B.C. the longer you smoke the harder it'll be to have that will power
Consider yourself a non-smoker! I quit in 1999, and I never looked back.
Let's chat Reddit 3: Rise of the Me Me's
Do I say a meme? Or say anything in general? I’m not understanding :( but I’m bored too.
Whatever you want, I just put that title as a reference to Rise of Machines
You still there
Anybody up for a chat about anything? Having a bad mental day and would love to just talk!
I would love to talk as well. I don't have too much time though. But we can chat for a while...
What are you off to go to relatively soon? Anything interesting?
And where are you from?
I'm in Indiana currently. From a little bit of everywhere as I'm a military Brat.
Military brat? What is that?
I was born into a military family.
I accidentally flashed a group of people at a coffee shop today
You brightened up the day for a few of those coffee drinkers.
Unless she weighs 600lbs
Can we just quit calling women females?
Nobody says females except on Reddit.
I hear men at work say it occasionally. Or should I say males
Imo female sounds cute
I can't think of a context where it would. Could you give me one?
Not in a specific scenario tho
I just graduated High School!
Rock on!!! I went back to college at 40, so I relate to finishing late! :D
Congrats ! Planning to go to college after that ?
I'm gonna join the Army. I'll try and do online school while I'm there.
I heard the USAF likes people with a &gt;3.5 GPA.
Yeah, but they are hard to get into because they have more recruits than they have positions.
What's a GPA?
3.7
Bought my first flannel yesterday. I’ve been hugging it and covering myself with it almost every hour of the day. What’s your clothing represent?
Wait do people think im gay because i wear flannel?
Scarves. I love them, and I have plenty. I try to wear them every time I can.
I got 4 days off in a row from work and it’s the most exciting feeling
Gift yourself a binge-watch session of some really good movies.
Oh yeah! What movies??
Watch over the garden wall. Perfect length and great story.
I’ll check it out!
Watch The Shining for its isolation element. It'll tie in with you being home from work!
Day drink! It's so liberating cracking open a cold one at 10am
Give yourself a hot bath. 
And an ice cream later. :p
I just popped a 3+ year old zit and it feels amazing
I hope its just zit and nothing else
r/popping wants u!
I don’t want to click. But I really do.
This whole sub should be marked as NSFW! Especially that post with a horse...
Omg, I had no idea this existed. THANK YOU
One of us, one of us, one of us
3 YEARS?!
I’ve got cystic acne and I’ve had this small one on my chin for at least 9 years.
Use a thumb tack
I would take a knife to it.
Dude just go to a dermatologist next time, blech
Too expensive for some. American healthcare system and all.
Getting a cyst popped doesn’t cost much
Popping it yourself is free
I ate watermelon for the first time and can't believe what I've been missing.
Bro my best friend is allergic to watermelon. This gives me hope for him
I don't like watermelons, but I feel happy for you
What dont you like about watermelons? You might have tried a bad one or a expired one.
I don’t like watermelon either. Something about the texture. But agreed, happy for OP.
Wait so how old are you again??
I was just at Costco and I heard a kid say the sweetest thing.
That's adorable.
My heart melted a little.
This moment is so sweet, i could put it in a cup of tea.
Wait until one dumps him for his friend
Just paid off my first car...feeling very proud and didn’t have anyone else to tell
Hey congratulations! Here’s to many more accomplishments!
Im proud of ya!
I’m fighting my stutter!
Good luck. Remember your silent h's.
Samuel L. Jackson cured his stutter with the word “motherfucker”
You go boy!!!!!!
You'll get through it! Much love
Honestly, I couldn’t even tell.
Just a joke, meaning couldn’t tell you had a stutter by reading your post.
When I read your post I don't hear any stuttering bro. You are fine.
What do you mean you don’t hear any stuttering?
My book was purchased by a library!
Congrats love! 💕
Ill try and read it sometime,it sounds great!
Thank you very much! It would be much appreciated!
Lets talk about lofi hiphop beats
Yes! I listen to these when I’m working all the time!
Haven’t drank coke for almost 3 months now
Welcome to r/hydrohommies
Welcome brother. Please leave your reusable straws at the door.
Except if you need them for medical conditions
Only Americans could congratulate themselves for drinking water 😂
Soda will lead to health problems and kill you basically.
What is your favorite kind of cake?
Does Tiramisu count?
Chhhoocccoolllaaatteeee in the buiiillddddiinngggg lol
Do any of you know any songs that take you into another dimension?
Jimi hendrix little wings
sweet dream in sea major
Song for the Deaf -- Queens of the Stone Age
I've never felt more out of place than a Subaru service waiting room
Which Subaru?
Do you believe in the japanese quote that everybody have 3 faces ?
O guess it’s the same thing as the other trio: ego, superego and id.
I think that third mask shows up on social media a lot.
I dont believe in it because there is only one place on your body to put a face
I just picked my nose with my bare finger and I don’t show that face to anyone so yeah
the most shameful face
I bought weed for the first time today!
I turned 21 last weekend and finally bought legal weed ✌ Great time.
I turned 21 Monday and got penny joints at a few shops!
Good luck and I hope your able to concentrate on your work. Hope we get a follow up
I wish I had nerds rope edibles, wow!
Posted 3 hours ago - how ya doing so far?
Train has left the station
Doing it Sunday:)
Those of you with pets, do you ever look around and realize how cool/ weird it is that we just cohabitate with other animals?
Lol sometimes I do. Like, they have their own lives going on but we happen to “own” them.
Celebrating a $40k raise by myself
Congratulations. Did you have to kill anyone to gat such a pay rise? Lol
Only the shell of my former self! My therapist would be so proud!!!
That is a deep answer. Well done that man!!!
Or woman.
That is a deep woman
What flavor Doritos?
Im still mad at them for axing my favorite, Fiery Habanero.
Spicy Sweet Chili. Fiery Habanero sounds so GOOD.
Honestly are you Ryan in from the office?
To be fair Ryan probably went from 18k/year to six figures
I think I got my coworker fired.
what a dick move. i despise people like you.
Funny, I despise people who lie for their own personal gain. How odd.
. _. you got something to tell to me?
I have schizophrenia!
What kind of words would you see on the wall?
I saw the word wait and ocean a lot. That’s the only words I could make out.
I made it into med school!
Congrats! Hope all goes well in med school, and glad you pulled through to get your Phd :)
Awesome! I want to go to med school to be a surgeon
Onya mate!
Congratulations, future doctor (PhD and MD)! Out of curiosity what are you studying in your PhD?
Today I found out my house spider Tom cheated on me.
Tom doesn't deserve you. Time to hit the gym and delete your Facebook.
Don't forget to hire a private detective and lawyer up!
And be sure to get tested as well!
I'm trying to come up with a spidery STD pun and failing miserably.
Tom is not a spider. Tom is an opilion.
My best friend called me after 3 months and it felt really good
I finally know what motherfucker means in Hindi.Thank you
Madarchod
Pronunciation by chance? I’m going with Ma-Dar-Kod and I know I’m wrong haha
Maa-Dar-chowd.
It's more like Maa-Dar-Chowed
Ma, the chode
MA! THE FUCKIN' CHODE IS BACK!
Or simply “Mother-chowed”
That’s quite a greeting lol
It's quite common in India. Mostly among boys
Among bros
Kahase ho bhai?
Delhi. Typical.
.....bhenchod
Poora bolo bhai
Hahaha I chat with all my bhosadiwale friends back home everyday :D
Saare chutiye hote hain
Ek bhi buddhiwala nahi hai
Social media?
Don't you guys have social media to talk?
We do, but hearing a voice is different
Let me guess, Delhi?
Delhi fo sho
Tu jaanta bhi hai mera baap kon hai....
Arre sahi hai bhai! Har din call karega wo ab Sahi dost mila hai tujhe
A male supervisor asked me if it was okay to hug me!
This is very wholesome. Glad you could have such a nice experience.
If anyone knows wholesome I would assume it would be u/ PM_UR_NUDES_OR_PETS!
PM_UR_NUDES_OR_PETS_OR_UR_PETS_NUDE
r/rimjob_steve
Your username makes me uncomfortable, ever so slightly.
Look what you've done.
People are sending you death threats over this post!?!? Wow!
You seem like someone worth hugging. ^^
I ate a bowl of oatmeal this morning and i never had so much energy for my 8 hour work/ school day today and I’m so shook that I didn’t get headaches.
This has inspired me to eat a bowl of oats tomorrow morning.
Do it ✔️✔️✔️✔️✔️
Idk I feel like this post is just Big Oat trying to gain some free advertising
Apple Cinnamon or GTFO
Congratulations here’s your adult card 💳
I found a USB key in an Elementary School playground and its contents shocked me
She's going to post about it on Reddit in another few years and the story will go viral.
I’ll be glad to finally hear back from that, it crosses my mind now and then ..
That's one way to get a Trojan.
Yeah, you gotta open that on a school computer
That title very much concerned me. Then I read it
Title is soooo click baity
I just got a scholarship for the best university in my country and I'm on the freaking moon right now.
Kudos to you! What’s your major?
Computer Science!
Which school? And where is this? I really want to study CS as well
Naming the school will probably give away too much info about OP
All that would tell us is their nationality
We could probably use their credit card number as well. For security.
Congrats! What’s the uni man?
It’s Harvard
How do you know this?
I didn't know they had a university on the moon!  Congrats !
It's a great university but it lacks an atmosphere to be honest.
Invited my quite college acquaintance for a dinner. Never seen him happier
Thanks for doing that. I would have loved something like that during college!
If I knew who you were and was with you, I could have done it, for sure :) !
I stopped killing spiders in my home
That’s cute
Today I was stalked by a guy in the dollar store...
How tired did he look because I was so exhausted every time I've done this.
&gt;every time
How many times has this happened to you, lol?
At least once
I had my first pineapple on pizza and I blame all of the internet for making me think it tastes awful
Pineapple and ham pizza is where it's at. Just saying 🤷‍♀️
Go to r/KnightOfPinapple
oh nice another cult to follow x)
its delicious, fuck the haters
Now you need to try anchovies &amp; pineapple.
isn't it super salty? I tried anchovies and it was so salty I drank more than I ate
The pineapple offsets it. :)
Move them together so they're in the same mouthful.
Want an upvote and a compliment?
I'm not sure what I need to hear today.
You matter. Seriously
no im going to compliment YOU nice username
Haha, you are a model of thoughtfulness and good will.
that was so nice i feel outdone
You deserve it!
YOU deserve it !!
I love u
Thanks for being you. Your eyes are beautiful, kind, and wise.
I adore you for having the patience and energy for this. Thanks in advance :)
You literally make every situation you are a part of better.  It's remarkable.
Hey, I had avocado fries with dinner. Great username.
I love your smile and the way you throw yourself into projects.  Very endearing combo :-)
Well, I'm curious to see what'll happen, so here's a comment.
You are a wonderful listener. There's not too many like you around. Thank you.
And thank you for replying.
Ask me something and then edit the question after I've answered to make me seem crazy.
What got you into animation?
A hamster!
Wow you’re a real sicko!
Hahaha. It tastes just like chicken.
What's the most unique meal you've ever cooked?
I've cooked a really nice cajun chicken dish with quinoa.
What programming language is your favorite?
Where was your favorite place to travel?
What is everyone doing??
Feeding the baby and scrolling through Reddit...
Seen anything interesting while scrolling?
Yeah, someone was asking why testicles are hairy
I’m in the couch having a lazy day because I’m sick. Planning on gaming the whole weekend
I'm in my garden drinking a beer listening to music. Life's good.
Today is my 10th anniversary of quitting smoking
Happy Anniversary!
❤️🎉🎊🎈
That shir is hard to qiit for a long time how did you do it
Congratulations. It’s well worth it. My stop date was December 31, 1978.
I ran my first 5k but my family wasn't happy for me
Congratulations!!!!!
Thank you very much I ran it in just under 40 minutes
Awesome! That’s a really good time for a first 5k!
Really?  I googled it and it said it was under average unfortunately
5k in 40 minutes is insane for your first run! Great job!
Wouldn't say insane, but it's not a bad starting point! Still great work :)
Fuck ya!!!
Great job! I hope to be able to run a 5k. This has inspired me to reinstall couch to 5k.
Your family sounds like assholes. Congrats on your first 5k though
Well this stranger is very proud of you and if you can do it so can I ! (I think 🤔)
Way to go!!!
Describe your music tastes with one song - and one song only
Hot thoughts - Spoon
Aaaa I love Spoon! They must be one of the most underrated bands out there
Who wants to join my party with random music and tea? xD
Hardbass 👌🏻
Anything in particular?
Listen to a song called wolfman - the front bottoms, quite a chilled theme
Nice, thanks!
5 years ago today, I escaped an abusive home.
Good shit my guy.
I watched the world around me wake up
And then you got mugged by gangbangers?
I do this every day, up by 2:30 to be at work by 4am
Nothing like getting off work and realizing you have half the day left!
Yes, have been enjoying my 12:12 finish time. Changing shifts next month: 5:15am until 1:10pm
Which corner? Although I live in California now a piece of my heart never left my hometown
where at
I just saw a young woman running to class and spill all her books. A young man helped her and they picked up same book at the same time and locked eyes. She blush, muttered a thank you and kept going but they both turned back to share one last glance.
I need to know what happens next!  You have to track them down and do a follow up!
Anyone else got a weirdly varied music taste?
I'd say it's weirder if you're actually a music lover and you only listen to one genre of music.
Ok, now that everyone knows that the amazon rainforest is on fire, what should we actually be doing about it?
There's plenty of posts with donating links,donste to the cause.
What do they do? Put water on it? Sand?
I hugged my girlfriend today.
Glad for ya lad, man I could really use a hug rn
That’s it. I am going to my gf’s work at lunch and hugging her. Hug train Choo choo
How old are you if you don’t mind me asking
when's the kiss? ;)
Just wait for the first kiss
Bless you!!
Dude! When are you gonna kiss her?
Man hugs are the fuckin bomb once i find a girl i can hug whenever ill truly be happy
I’m a short male doing fine
The guy I like  is like 5’4” and he has plenty of girls. Serial cheater.
Sorry, the guy you like is a serial cheater?
Yeah. He's not my bf though.
5'7 isnt that short. Im 5'1 so get on my level, literally
I like the taste of bug spray its ok
I (21M) am seriously considering dropping everything and moving across the country without telling anyone
Nah u ain’t gonna do it
In what way did you win a lose the genetic lottery?
im the oldest...and the shortest ugly looking baby face mf among the siblings haha
I’m the youngest and middle in height (I only have 2 siblings).
I feel alone
This place exists for people like you.
Thanks for making me feel a little better. What are you up to?
Listening to Robbie Basho getting radio interviewed in 1974 on YouTube.
What you got going on?
Been listening to the Beatles for the past 1 hour. Now scrolling down Reddit feed.
Never alone when you have reddit 
(&gt;'')&gt;💗&lt;(''&lt;)
True. Such a lovely place, such a lovely face.
Ahhh Eagles, took me a while to remember where that line came from.
You still up for a convo?
Woop sweet. I am up but not for much longer! 10pm here, it's been a long day.
It’s 2.30am here.
Yesterday I went to a kids birthday party.. And was shocked that I was the only one who came.
That must have meant the world to him, you are precious.
I don't get much compliments, so thank you kind stranger.
Thank you kind sir!
*donates coin*
is that oblivion?
It better be because I read it in the voice
This made me cry and the last time I cried is when I found out avicii died, so late 2018
Dear God, people are such dildos.
Please translate for the old people in the audience
You’re looking at a girl who can do 10 whole push ups.
what's your strength level on RuneScape?
Not bad, kid
Congrats I can do 35 :)
At the ripe age of 22, I kissed a girl for the first time!
23 yo never kissed here suck on that losers!
Try 31! I’m winning this race!
Hi today I turn 18 and everybody forgot
Sixteen Candles, John Hughs film.
I turned 18, three days ago. Nobody cares though.
I didn’t celebrate birthday for 15 years... no friends, no family...
It’s my birthday, 2003
Waiting for a call from my family
... ... ...
They forgot about me...
Get used to it. Birthdays are for kids. Get over it.
I just deleted all of my social media(besides the best one;) and got rid of all of the toxic people in my life.
Facebook free for 7 years. I highly recommend it
Get rid of reddit too, it’s just as toxic and much more...cringey
And some how this turn in to a political post... And I lost my interest
Do you ever feel like crying purely to relieve stress?
I can’t make myself cry ever. :/ I’m just stuck in a cycle of non-emotionalness.
no wonder with that grammar
My wife’s friend group recently dumped one of their own members because her weight issues were starting to ruin their group photos on Instagram. Is this a new thing now?
Wow. Your wife has some shitty, shallow “friends.”
My boyfriend remembered something small I liked &amp; it really warmed my heart.
can i just say relationship goals?? lol
I slipped $1 into my boyfriend's wallet knowing he'd try and pay me back.
My girlfriend gets mad if I don't pay for everything ):
My dad caught me crying
Give him a hug for me, that was beautiful!
He doesn’t hug , but I’ll tell him you said so ! Thank you
&lt;3 I hope you get over the ex soon!
Don't hate me,but the name checks out.
Lol I mean everyone makes mistakes you just have to learn from them
Haha, I thought you were going to be mad about I wrote.
Thanks for being a good sport.
I dyed my hair purple!
That’s awesome. And you’re awesome. Forget that guy. You be you and express yourself.
Hey my sister also dyed her hair purple!
My wife always wanted to dye her hair purple, but she's afraid it might ruin it.
feeling a little lonely
You too man. Have a good one.
thank you!
Idk if I wanna like the comment cause it’s at 69 rn...
Thanks! &lt;smack!&gt; 《~~~that's a highfive》
hell yeah dude! &lt;smack!&gt;
&lt;smack!&gt; can i join the fun?
&lt;smack!&gt; Hope I can join the high-five train too!
&lt;snack&gt; sorry I'm hungry.
Can I have a snack too? &lt;smack&gt;
&lt;snack&gt; sure, no need to hit me though dude.
&lt;smack&gt; does hitting the palm of your hand count?
Go see your mom.
Signed: a lonely mom
You too! How r u today
i’m alright, you?
9035044057 text me
So me and my gf having a hard time conceiving
Congratulations! Hope all goes well with the pregnancy and birth!
I reported my best friends boyfriend to the police
You did the right thing
I finally deleted Instagram because I kept getting depressed seeing photos of my ex girlfriend, and it was a very good decision
Excellent, welcome to reddit, sir.
I stereotyped a stereotype and was wrong
Assume the best and plan for the worst.
**hope for the best. But maybe I’m mixing that up with a Scouts motto
Oh my God. This is so sad. I'm so glad I live in Australia.
Holy shit you guys, I just graduated college !!!
How old r u now?
24 !!!
Wow! Amazing! Congratulations!  What’s your major
Information tech (web design &amp; development) !!!!
U dat grrrl! Congratulations to U!
Congratulations!!! I just graduated with a BA at 30.
Congrats to you to!!!!!! Look at us winning!!!!
Congrats! What’d you major in?
What's the number you've gotta give back?
I'm confusion?
I officially escaped poverty!
Congratulations!  I bet that big family of yours is so proud.
congratulations. i honestly believe its better to be poor and loved than rich and neglected.
I love Americans, but I'm so sick of America being central to all the media I consume.
We're all living in America, America, ist wunderbar ...
I’m from Sweden and 80%~ of the state funded televised news are from the Middle East.
This doesn’t seem very nice, maybe /r/unpopularopinion is a better subreddit for it?
Start a European production company lol.
Have you seen Dark? Its a german serie and I really recommend watching it.
Sounds like someone is jealous of the greatest country in the wolrd.
Check out Babylon Berlin on Netflix.
Y'all have the best reality tv in Australia.
Make your own Hollywood.
K thanks. You gonna fund it?
As an American im sick of seeing foreign media.
Lol wot
Crazy thought, consume media that isn't American?
You’re on an American website on the American internet.
America is aiming for cultural victory
Who Killed Captain Alex is set in Uganda.
ACTION MOVIE
MOVIE! MOVIE! MOVIE! MOVIE!
Who's up for a game of Detective?
Did Thelma have a relationship with tony the knife thrower?
Can you clarify your question? What kind of relationship?
Was the missing piece her right breast?
are there other acts in the sideshow?
was thelma in an argument with one of the acts?
was thelma strangled?
was that the reason the neck was missing?
did the same person who strangled her dismember the body?
did anyone have access to the axe?
I don't know for sure, but presumably any member of the cast
was thelma strangled with bare hands?
did the killer have a partner/accomplice?
did the same person who strangled her dismember her body?
was the killer male?
was the killer tony?
lol worth a shot. does the killer have a higher status than thelma?
does the killer have big hands?
does the killer have small hands?
does the killer have more than two hands?
does the killer have more than five fingers?
Branching out, wanting to meet new people.
I Love hiking!
Today is results day in the UK, and I found out my grades are far better than me and my teachers expected and I’ll be going to the university I didn’t think I’d be able to get into!
What degree are you studying?
BA History. Hopefully after that is done I’ll get my PGCE which makes me a qualified teacher
Sorry but what is BA history?
Congratulations man, bet ur gonna have a blast! Any tips u can give me for school?
18 year old Indian female, looking to get to know more about other cultures.
German here, DM me if you wanna know something
Does the McDonald's there really serve beer😂
What German food is the best german food?
Well I would simply go with Bratwurst
Do you really have places where you can get a bathtub full of beer and take a bath there?
I’m a Hong Kong girl in my mid-twenties. Really happy to see so much support on Reddit.
👍 from Australia
Hope it's resolved in favour of the people!
Thank youuuu &lt;3
I’m shocked how some redditers think that this all protest is fake.
Probably the same people who use terms like crisis actors. Human suffering is not conspiracy.
Lots of reds said that
Do you have any plans to leave Hong Kong?
You guys are doing amazing! Don't back down!
Regards, The UK
Can I come help you guys liberate yourselves? I'm itching for a good fight with Totalitarianism.
Ask the Magic 8 Ball a question
What is 6x9+6+9?
Will she say yes?
Tired of all the maybes and need answers! Is it Maybelline?
Without a doubt. Bam there’s no need to be tired of all the maybes anymore.
is this it?
Reach out to me
Hello just here for some casual convo , making some new friends online :)
Hey! Wanna chat privately a bit? Or just here? :)
Im fine with whatever my friend :)
Great! Well first of all I guess, how are you?
Health wise im great haha mentally wise im feeling meh haha what about you :)
Oh tell me if you want to talk about anything in particular! I’m well. I just woke up haha.
Well goodmorning maybe? Lol and well sports? Video games , im down for anything lol
Yeah, morning for me. Have to get up and go to work in a bit. What time it is where you are?
Its about to be 11pm over here , looking forward to work or dreading to go in ? Lol
If I say goodnight and you see me online, doesn’t mean I lied.
this belongs on r/unpopularopinion
My bad, I can still be considered a reddit rookie.
Tell me something I probably don't know!
Interesting, what's this? D:
Non mainstream music band is viagra boys, they're pretty funny
A boy complimented me for the first time ever! Made my day :)
I might not know you irl, but you sound definitely cute and well rounded.
Aww that is cute. Also i know its weird but imma call you cute cause of your cute happiness \^\^
I will forgive your IG usage bc you made me smile.
What's with the gate towards instagram on here? I've had someone else say the same thing!!
A bit lazy and want to sleep
Go to sleep :D
Decent, nothing to do. You?
Pretty cool, bored really. Try to play some games or something :D
Nah, music's where it's at. Been listening since i woke up
Ahh music is like my life saver. What r u listening rn?
Walk a crooked line by Motörhead
Pretty chill
I am totally watching two people bang right now and they don't know I can see them.
*Classy*
Well, now I know what the F in F150 stands for.
Fisting?
You tell us, you're the one that saw everything!
Fapping?
Ah, the four Fs of biology —  
* Feeding 
* Fighting  
* Fleeing  
* Reproduction
Start playing the most romantic music you can find, help em get done quicker
Baby Shark should do the trick.
Pumped up kicks would *really* get the job done.
Well, kinda like a school, he's gonna be shooting kids inside her.
Aaaand it’s stuck in my head for the rest of the day again.
...*unzip*....
*squeeze some lotion*
And rub it on those crusty elbows
We can’t have the wenis dry eh?
what are you doing alone sitting in your car?
sadness intensifies
People who fuck in public usually don't really mind if someone sees them...
Why are you sitting in your car in the dark?
What games are you guys all playing?
Omega Labyrinth Life
What kind of a game is that?
Get hollow knight and enter the gungeon there challenging but insanely fun!!
Let's talk music!
My current music is Tool, King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard, Bon Iver and Thom Yorke
I'm a shy introvert but today I managed to overcome my anxiety somewhat by helping a girl with her bicycle chains.
Huraaaaayy. Don't worry about being introvert life will fuck u up and make u normal
Looking at all the 'normal' people around me, I think I'll pass :p
Buddy you spend tooo much time in reddit
Hahahaha!..haha...ha... Damn, you're right :D
It's ok man me too and one day us introverts will evolve!
Awesome! Must’ve felt really good to step out like that :-)
Wash your hands
I did :p
and behind your ears
I will :D
Did you great your veggies?
Do fresh, homegrown potatoes count?
you losers are pathetic
so are people that go into subreddits just to hate on it. get a life :)
Austin?
Not even close ;)
I took myself to dinner tonight.
I should do this. It sounds nice.
The hardest part about it is deciding what to eat.
That just means you get to take yourself out again!
Would really appreciate talking to some kind people
Don't really have any passions, but up to chat about anything
I ran a mile
Congratulations dude keep it up!
Cheez-its. Yay or nay?
They are good but after you eat so many they are not desirable anymore
Maybe for you, but for me, they only become more desirable.
UwU I want Chu to pound me in the ass daddy spez OwO
I skipped to a random point in a random video on youtube and I was in it
It's a sign
But what does it mean?
Something big will happen. Go to that place again.
Use the time stamp from where you were in the video, it's important...
Lottery number?
Possibly....
r/thedavincicode
NOOO I ACTUALLY THOUGHT THIS WAS REAL
Thanks. I try to learn from the downfall of others. :)
Wait people actually believe in this?
Why not? It’s fun
Good answer.
Its not that people believe it, its just that maybe if
Your pregnant
It's not mine.  *shakes head*
Look under your chair.
I can see my feet
r/coincidence
I decided to be an atheist at 12 when my church told me my pets didn't have souls.
That's cool because humans don't have souls either.
Cats obviously have deeply corrupted souls.
What's a language that you always wanted to learn?
Any Scandinavian language, because I love their lore and how they sound
I start a new job tomorrow after being a stay at home mom for 9 years and my husband doesn’t even care. Wish me luck? I’m super nervous.
That’s great! Good luck, hope you enjoy it!
What the hell do you do in a bathtub?
Think of it like a hot tub, you sit, pee and soak. What more could you ask for?
...pee?
You can also wash children and dogs in them.  Cats not recommended.
[update] Going on a first date later and I don’t think she’s notice my disability...
Aww. Sorry, OP
It’s whatever. I don’t need to be with an asshole
Mega ouch
Yea that sucks your disability doesn't even affect your personality
Apparently it effects how people see me
Yes it's a mega ouch
Tell me about it.
Sorry to hear that man! Thanks for the update.
Strange request...can somebody ask me something about myself?
No not really it’s good to have someone to talk too. So how are you doing?
How tall are you and what is your favourite colour?
I'm 5ft 7 and Tardis/Royal blue.
How about you? :)
What's your favourite dinosaur? 
*Mine is a diplodocus*
Do you ever get that feeling that’s like “wow, I exist”?
Yup, when my daughter was born.
Been sober for 14 years
14 years is a good start...
My friend, I would have to agree with you.
Plot twist: OP is 14
I thought the same lol
Plot twist: OP is 16
Nobody gets drunk at 2 years old
Congrats man
Damn. I've been sober for just a little less.
That is to say, I haven't turned 14 yet.
Still nice, don't drink, it's useless
Casually going through and downvoting everything he posts to negate this good karma
Wow I miss that 100 karma youre gonna take away from me
Going on a first date later and I don’t think she’s noticed my disability...
Go have a good time. Relax and be yourself.
Btw - you know you need to check back in and let us know...
I Miss The Feeling of Feeling Special
This book made me thinks of the book 
 Boy's Life by Robert R. McCammon
One of my friends told me he always likes talking to me because of one thing I do and it made me so happy
That's lovely. Simple things!
I do this sometimes too, and it's really effective. But it's hard to do it sincerely sometimes.
You should consider teaching, coaching, or mentoring. We can always use great people like you.
Who wants to play detective?
Is the boat transporting secret cargo?
Was the boat used to go to the Carribean?
Was the boat purchased from a shady source/person?
So, was the 'contest' real?
Does the seller of the boat know Oscar personally?
This may sound like the most stupid question but is the contest reward real?
The reward was real, yes
Does the so-called seller's gang operate in the island?
Is Oscar in danger?
Possibly but irrelevant
Is Oscar directly involved in this 'crime'?
Other than drugs, are they any other contraband on the boat?
And does Oscar know about em?
There is no other contraband and Oscar does not know about it
Does the 'boss' operate in the island by any chance?
Was the previous owner a supplier of drugs?
Was the previous owner's job only to get the drugs, on the boat, into innocent hands?
Does the boss own or work within the resort?
Were the drugs intended to actually be received by someone when the boat arrived at the island?
Was the resort acting as a distribution hub for drugs?
Was the *island* a distribution point?
I just want to talk to someone
Hey, nice to meet you! I’d love to chat until my friend wakes up :p
Wassup and yeah my Reddit name suits up my personality hehe.
Great, another dudd like me
I'm trying to get my daughter to go back to sleep.
I wish you luck with that
What's up where u from?
Insomnia, Mexico.
Lol we have an insomnia here in Texas!
How's texas? Very hot i guess
Yes ☹️
Hey you still up to chat?
Yeah, why?
Oh I was bored and thought starting a convo would be fun
Always down for a good chat
Yo!
How ya doing?
Just i was sleeping, then i'm awake because i had a terrible nightmare
That sucks.
What kind of stuff interests you?
Biology
Awesome, like human anatomy or more broadly the study of biological life?
Any kind of lifeform
Awesome. Do you think there is sentient life other than our own species out in space?
Just got an email from a mom I used to nanny for when I was in college. Her teenage son just complained about Dino checked nuggets. “They don’t taste like they used to, and there are no Dino eggs!!!”
This is so ridiculously wholesome. You'll make a great mom someday if you're not already.
When is dinnertime at your house my new bestie? Can I come!?
Absolutely!
This is the purest post I've till today.
Time to whip up a few hundred and do Ziplocks of ten each.
Right???  If they shipped well I would sooooooo do this.
Nobody is too old for Dino nuggets.
Right?????
Who the fuck makes their own chicken nuggets casually?
MLM pyramid scheme spokesman is staying the night in my apartment because my roommate offered
So he's so rich he's sleeping on your couch!
Ask me about Australia
How much do you fear the spiders there?
I mean not much, they’re really, really common depending on what part you live in
How dangerous are the ones where you live?
Not very, just tarantulas
Jesus christ. Thats terrifying
How long are truck-trains generally?
Same size anywhere else I’m pretty sure
The worst part about Reddit is being downvoted for something you posted with good intentions.
i once got -12 points for replying to a comment on one of my posts with oh, okay
Heartbreaking? LMFAO dude get over yourself.
Who cares about upvotes though?
Me :/
And you care about downvotes why?
I bored my fiancé to sleep, and it was probably the best moment of my life to date...
She obviously needed a shot of vitamin D... Clearly you failed l
I'm not following...
I gave a hug to a client earlier and it absolutely crushed me.
We need more people like you
What are you excited about right now?
I’m so excited for the next MCU movies and to get a TV and more games for my new XBOX
I’m slowly saving up for the Stranger Things LEGO set and I almost have enough money to buy it!
Uhhhh I did not know this was a thing, and now I feel like I must have it or I'll die.
happy friday friyay ya'll! 5 q's to send you away
Not me
Every day I go to work 
Home 
Shelby
shelbyyyyy
She’s great
clearly. what do you two like doing together?
We only ever see each other in a group setting lol it’s a one sided attraction
LOL aw
Bold of you to think someone would like me haha
um. that's not bold. you need to love yourself!
I had my first kiss yesterday!
Well happy first kiss and happy 🍰 day!
Thank you! I didn’t even realize it was my cake day!
you forgot it was your birthday?
Cake day is the anniversary day he got on Reddit, not his birthday.
Ooh mate... The show's just beginning....
Happy c-day!
C-day comes later.
I just had the best 2 hours of my life.
I had those...but not anymore.....
You sound sad, are you okay friend?
I haven't been ok for a long time
I'm sorry, do you need to vent or just holler fuck this!?
What were you coding? :-)
Should of ended it with a jerk off session. Cherry on top.
I got married today!
So what're you doing here? ;)
I know who’s been stalking me on Reddit, kind of bummed Reddit is going to reveal them now lol.
I have no followers. Wish I could be stalked. 😎
How do you find out if you have followers?
My boy is doing hard things!
I'm not crying you're crying
Congratulating him is good, but dont let it go to his head, that was how I failed.
The ocean is so fucking scary
&gt;What are your thoughts
You might have Thalassophobia lol.
Or maybe you have panphobia. Do YOU think you have panphobia?
/r/thalassophobia
Holy shit I absolutely hate that sub
Tried posting in serious conversation but didn’t get any responses.
Try BlahTherapy
Is that a subreddit?
Heard.
No it’s a website I’m not just trolling you
No I know I looked it up lol thank you!
Oh sorry my comment got downvoted and I’m not really sure why
Still need a chat?
Always. What’s up?
Not much, kinda tired but not sleep yet. What's up with you?
Just got off work. Dead tired but probably won’t be able to sleep for a while lol
Fair enough, what do you do for work?
I’m a bartender in Los Angeles. What about you?
Hey dude! What happened?
SO father passed away unexpectedly. It’s been a fucking ride.
I'm sorry about this
It’s okay. We are getting through it. Thank you.
I would do more for you but I don't know how
Alright casual conversation community. Time for another poll
French Fries.
Because I don’t like Ice cream.
Have you ever tried putting french fries *in* ice cream?
Chocolate chip cookie dough
Ooh very nice. Cookie dough is always good
Have you tried birthday cake remix from cold stone?
I haven't been to a cold Stone in many years sadly
Cookies n' cream, always had been, always will be.
chocolate
I’m a plain vanilla person
Not in order, but whatever:
Raspberry thunder, chocolate fudge, strawberry, and creme brule.
Oh I haven't had a creme brule in forever and now I'm craving it
Take this as a sign that you need to get yourself a box ASAP.
I have the week off work and I am sitting here drinking a jack and coke and playing Minecraft for my Nintendo Switch I got for my birthday. What are you guys up to?
Bought some nice cigars. Lighting one up now.
Had a big mom victory this week!
Hell yeah, Dude Lady! You did awesome! I'll be sharing this post with my SO. You rock.
Helped get her situated, and dropped her off for a lesson... What did you mean by that?
I made sure she was set to go for something she had planned already. Lol. It does sound strange.
Today I got a $4/hr raise
I EARN $4/hr before taxes. So good job on you!
Damn, good job dude! It can't be easy to get that type of raise.
I earn minimum wage.
It's 5 AM on my 24th birthday. I'm in my last year of law school, in love with an amazing man, and about to submit my first brief to the United States Supreme Court
*i love you*
Can I get some love too please? 😔
I offer you all the love. ❤️
Thank you, I really need it
Dang, I’m late for the love-giving. Is there any love left for me?
Congratulations on all these things from a fellow 24 year old in his last year of law school!
Good for you. Its 6 pm here in sweden and im planning to commit suicide.
Jeez, I was proud I made my lunches for the week.
Wow that’s the kind of life I’d have if I wasn’t a trash goblin who’s barely passing law school
Lol you didn't see my first semester grades
Thats interesting, what's the brief to the supreme court for?
What are your student loans looking like?
i finished one of my assignments that i was stuck on so I guess that 😊
That's awesome! It's a win!
OMG ITS MY BIRTHDAY TOO!!!
WERE TWINS
Everytime I encounter a mean person(internet and real life) I throw them off their mood by dishing out a compliment or saying something kind
You are a NICE PERSON and you should FEEL GOOD ABOUT YOURSELF. So there.
What’s everyone watching these days?
Blind chick..sorry
Went to a nightclub again by myself. UPDATE
Takes confidence to go alone good job.
Thanks I'm glad I didn't listen to them had a great time.
Uhhhh why did they pick on you? Sounds like an 80s movie.
Impressive, Good job man
Happy for you OP! Keep doing you!
That's awesome!  Good luck with the girl!
Actions have reactions
If you live in BC hit me up and I'll come with you!
My father is a millionaire. Earlier this year, I found out that he's only leaving my siblings and I $10,000 each. I'm not even mad.
You are what the world needs more of dear.
And you can be, too.
How did he become a millionaire?
dads a dick lol
Your dad is a asshole
This is what the system wants you to do. Work until you die.
What exactly do you do to avoid playing into what the “system” wants from you?
I work with a guy who wasn't yet born when 9/11 happened. It blows my mind.
I was born 6 months earlier
So you don't remember. But you existed. Team America?
i was about a year and a half old when it happened so.
My step sister was born in 2007. My dog is older than her. Kinda blows my mind too.
those people are almost 18 man... 9/11 was 18 years ago in 1 month and 6 days.
I didn’t exist yet lol
I'm coming up on 10 years free from my addiction to crystal meth
You f***d up, you admitted to it, you turned it around. Well done.
I'm sorry I thought I replied to this. Thank you so much!
u/nwordcountbot
Congrats! I'm very happy for you. :)
Are your grandparents still around to see the change?
Absolutely. I see them and the rest of my family all the time.
We're all so proud of you!
Which artist or band is taking up the most space on your hard drive?
It's a tie between New Order, Queen and Neutral Milk Hotel
I’m only familiar with Queen out of those three. Of course, I’ve made room for them too.
Don't you see; I'll never worry tonight
Pink Floyd every album.
I would’ve been at the Dayton shooting
Owning guns is not about fun.
I’m a guy in his 30’s and my favorite compliment from people is when a guy calls me ‘brother.’
Being called Brother is A-OK by me.  Being called Chief sure isn't....( by a coworker)
WERE GOIN ALL THE WAY TO WRESTLEMAINIA, BROTHER!
But yes, I definitely agree.
unless they're a girl you like.
I think hugs are necessary....they are magic.
Countless scientific studies agree with you. The power of human touch is amazing.
Would that make our skin amazing?
😊😊😊😊thank you for this beautiful information. I'm glad to know!
Pfft... There's nothing more magical than a good b***job. Other than that I don't feel nothing.
All of us huggers need to make a subreddit lol (unless there already is one?)
Man I haven't been hugged since I was a kid.
Serial hugger here. Hugs *are* magic. 
Keep up the good work!
I see you, seeing me, seeing you, seeing me!
Less seeing, more hugging!
#huggityhughugggyhug
*greatbigbonecrushingbearhugs*
No bears were harmed in the making of this hug.
Why I have a body pillow
Won't somebody hug me.............?
Fuck yea!! \*HUGGGGGG
Nopes...please dont touch me.
How necessary? I have a Facebook group that may need help! :)
Ladies, I would like to ask...
Cooking.
My boyfriend said 3 words to me tonight that I realized mean much more than “I love you”
I'm not a very sensitive person but reading this almost made me tear up
I’ve created a list of 300 interesting questions. Comment a number and I’ll ask you one!
I'll go for my favourite number, 23!
You bitch
Did you want that number?
What is your biggest academic or work-related accomplishment?
Can I have 32 instead? I have no accomplishments :(
Nonsense. Just being alive is an accomplishment.
69,Nice
219
288
197
98
Rolled a d3 and a d100, got 266.
So 266
If you lived in a colonial or Medieval village, what would your job be?
Hit me with 79 :)
How about tge meaning of life, the universe, and everything 42?
243
9
Number 66 :)
I'll take 17 please!
What is the one thing you've made that you're the most proud of?
69!
9!
15 :)
231
153
Hit me up #300
148!
273
269
I'll go with my age... 44 please
62
69 and btw this is a really cool idea
Randomizer said 174, so be it
127
I’ll take no.312 please
Did you read the title? I have 300 questions.
What a neat idea! If you're still doing them, #13
25!
If you could erase one thing or event from your memory, what would you choose?
Guess I’ll take 128.
204 pls
299
200, please.
128, if that's possible
279
211
 254 (created using random.org)
hey can you send me the list of questions? from 1-300 hehe
236!
77!!
Let’s see what number 199 gives me
263. Thank you!
17, my bday this month
I'll pick number 36!
41 since it's how old my dad is.
1. We are all one. Everything came from the same source, however you define it.
61
It’s funny how a random interaction with a stranger can have an affect on you. Just got a random compliment in the food court of my local mall and I can’t stop beaming. As a guy, I rarely get one of these.
It's pink not salmon, Ross
But did u get her number ?
Nope, missed connection 😆 She is slightly out of my age range.
Age is just a number
Tyson’s CORNER food court?
Someone at work told me I wasn't as annoying as I usually am.  So that was pretty awesome.
I’m falling in love in a healthy way for the first time in my life and it’s really beautiful.
Grandma is happy for both of you!
Your a dude, right? I didn't read your gender
Does it matter?
Feeling sad and alone? Anyone need new friends?
Hi I'll chat.
Hello how are you today
hello
Hello how are you
Hello beautiful person!
Ey there! Ill chat! Though i am not good at it!
No problem lol just try your best
Men are beautiful creatures
👏👏 YOU are a beautiful creature
 All we do is scratch our balls and sniff our fingers
Women do that too lol not our balls though cause ya know
also we like nothing but sex
I saved a beetles life and he told me thanks
10,000,000 ants will get their vengeance tonight!
Then I will bring him home with me
Lol, on you! Not our beetle!
Well then at least I did something nice on my last day here
That's a very sweet little story, u/Idonoteatass.
In one hour I’ll be one month sober!
Hurrahhhh only half an hour to go
Haha unfortunately I fell asleep before midnight or else I would’ve celebrated more!
Teach me
I don't understand why people make such a huge deal when you don't like certain foods.
Cheese fries? What the heck are cheese fries?
I’d have more luck finding an interesting person on Reddit than on Tinder
I think that's an interesting way to fill up your inbox.
Im going into 8th grade and im really proud of myself
Oh nice, I'm going into 8th grade too
Me 2
Me two
Me towo
Ayyy same bro
Nice although it will prolly be hard since im a girl
I saw a picture of my wife in an ad on the bus and I'm so proud of her!
:)))))) wholesome
Just read your post history, how do you keep yourself so happy?
I think he puts so many smiles under his :))))) to cover the pain he is truly in.
Today is a good day.
Quick! Buy a lottery ticket before the day is over!
Nice. I'm on the verge of tears right now too but for other reasons
What is the answer to 8/2(2+2)?
16.
First the parenthesis : 8/2\*4
Then left to right : 4\*4=16
Just got accepted onto a PhD programme and have no one to tell
What field though?
Hey, I'm proud of you.
That's a massive achievement.
Amazing buddy, you definitely deserve this after all your hard work!
Oh thank you so much! It’s been hard but I do feel like I’ve learnt a lot!
You've been incredibly brilliant.
Thank you, and congrats on the name!
You're welcome. Thank my mother, Vagungus McBigDick (née Cavernus) for naming me.
Haha well thanks to her!
I'm dreaming about doing what you just did. Congrats! And best wishes!
Give yourself a pat on the back! Congratulations!
Congratulations :) and please treat yourself with something good if you can. 
Best wishes!
When can I start addressing you as Dr?
I'm proud of you
Thanks for telling us, we care about this amazing and rare achievement.
welcome to real life  
family is the only thing that matters
Well this reddit family has been incredible, so thank you!
If you're in NE Ohio, let me know so I can buy you a celebratory adult beverage!
Oh my God!!!! This is brilliant! Congratulations you x
Congratulations I'm so proud of you! You're the best son/daughter I never had.
Congrats and keep it up!!!!! :D
Comment your favorite number and I’ll comment on whether I like or dislike it. I’ll rate it out of 10 haha
8 &amp; 47
8/10 &amp; 2/10 haha don’t hate me
Haha, no hate; but why such a low rating of 47?
5 is a too safe of a number, 5/10 TAKE RISKS GOD DAMN IT
.03% higher than 5/10, i’ll take it
3 and 89
3 is a beaut... 9/10
89... that’s a cool number i’ll give it an 8.9/10 :p
6 and 2 are my favorites
6 is weird tbh, i really dislike it sooo 1/10 
2 is awesome. 10/10
6 and 31
mhmmm I dislike both :p
1/10 and 2/10
What about 60?
mmmmmm, meh 3/10 :p don’t hate me
33
mhmmmm 6.5/10
Anybody want a poem written for them?
Feeling lost and maybe finally finding your way.
Could you write me a poem about the construction of a pizza ball
I need a poem about how everything is ok even when things go wrong
The complexity of everything.
I'd love one. Feeling pretty sapped from an emotional break up.
I feel the need to brag
I bet you're on some sort of list. haha.
Shut up, Donald
My social media goal is to get Taylor Swift to follow my cats' Instagram account.
Woah
Does anyone else have to sing the ABCs while categorizing alphabetically?
Yeah. Sometimes I just say it without the melody but yeah
I am physically incapable of reciting it without the melody.
I am amazed that you think like this I love it
Yess... I have to start at the beginning or after elemenope to get to the letter I need 😂
your comment is funny but don’t put that emoji. Reddit doesn’t really like it
All emojis are pretty bad.
That’s so lit fam 🤙😂💦🤣💦🤙
Oh! I say it like EloMeno P.
That’s what he said
Weeell technically it'd be elemenopee I think.
Sing it???? is there a song / tune for this?
I don’t SING them. Yeah, that’s pretty dumb.
I finally told the girl I was talking to that I like her.
I'm sure you will do well. 
Pssst. Clean your bathroom and wash your sheets.
Thanks man. Good thing we are not meeting at my place lol
i’m so proud of you! i can’t imagine how excited you must be😬
Song on repeat😊😎☀
Kodaline - Moving On
Omg, yes!
did you already know?
Love Kodaline, the videos are also great.
I(18f) started crying when my dad called me pretty today
Maybe he didn’t feel like it was necessary to point out the obvious. Your obviously pretty
I don’t mean to feel like a buzzkill, but,  *you’re
It’s been said already. I get it.
Dad: you're pretty
Keanu Reeves: *you're pretty!*
Sex Offender: You're Pretty.
Me whilst running away: YOURE PRETTY!
Lose weight as in your under weight now? Or lose weight as in you are now a healthy weight?
i have a question...
I'd be something like a tan or off-white. Lol Something super plain and simple.
lol cool
Basically I'm a boring unadventurous ass so I picked a boring ass basic color.😂
looolll it’s cool. plus boring is not always a bad thing
Black. Until there's a darker colour ;)
ahaha nice. reason?
8 years sober today!
Aye well done mate. Do you feel loads better? :)
I'm a year sober tomorrow!
Congratulations! And thanks for this, it’s refreshing to hear
Sober from what? Alcohol?
Lol I am sober for my whole life for 13 years lol
how do you wake up one day and decide not to smoke? I can’t even imagine doing it
Someone talk to me, I need it right now.
Still there?
Yeah I'm still here
What are you doing after college
Guess you already found some like minded peeps here
Yeah I'm suprised
я буду твоим другом по доброте Родины
благодарю вас
i'm guessing you used google translate
I’m one year sober today.
I am over 10 years off pot, congratulations mate
I stopped drinking a little while ago, this really motivated me. Good luck!
Introduce me to something you like
God damn the first few seconds of listening to Hamilton was magical.
My ex-girlfriend introduced me to it two years ago by sending me My Shot. It was indeed magical
I like my crocs. They’re comfy
the game Sky, children of the light
Tell me more I've never heard of it!
it's a good game, _want to go to eden with me_?
Why would you answer after 21 days
Been playing Apex Legends and Pokemon Shield.
I love battle royales and nostalgia.
My sense of smell just came back after five years. What's your favourite smell? I want to experience it!
I love the smell of the air after a rainstorm in the summer and fresh baked cookies.
What do you feel when you smell the disgusting stuff like farts and whatever
Blooming lilacs are my favourite smell.
Good ol’ marijuana.  Burning or not.
Freshly burned leaves in autumn
Hasn’t it improved your sense of taste? What tastes better?
EVERYTHING TASTES BETTER
Lilac and Gooseberries
can’t sleep, just looking for some pleasant conversation
search up “how to lucid dream” on youtube
will do
Girlfriends grandmother is a great artist and has many pieces like this, today she shared her first.
I mean thats downright astounding.
Does she draw for a living or is it just a hobby?
Is this a portrait of a specific person? It looks really good
When I was 7 I had these purple converse with rainbow laces. I was bullied and people called me and my shoes gay. I went home crying and never wore them again. Now I am an out proud queer woman and my parents bought me these for me to wear with pride
Sounds like the bullies had you figured out.
i feel like seven year olds would associate rainbows with just being rainbows and not lgbt
oh dear.
I should say the same about your obsession with Taylor Swift’s legs.
You clearly can't appreciate true beauty.
Again....Oh dear.
“You clearly can't appreciate true beauty.”
Absolutely correct. Taylor Swift is a fucking goddess.
Dude wtf I'm jealous. I want those shoes. So dope.
You should check out the psychucks you can totally customize them now, remake those shoes!
wait I can't find what you're talking about 😭 can you post a link?
Ugh I think they were limited time, you can still make custom ones though🙃
curse you dinkleburg!
My SO, who loves art, finally painted something (inspired by a photo) I‘m so proud of her, I think she has great potential!
Hey that's how I sign things!!
Me too.. Well this is awkward.
This what your shadows be doing when they’re not following you, meeting up and dancing
Can you ask your SO what was she trying to share ? It seems so eerie (in a good way )
To me it looks like people dancing, what do you think? :)
What app or software did she use for this?
Damn it has so much soul, I'd love to hang this somewhere in my home!
Happy to help out a stranger in Starbucks yesterday morning
I have been in her situation so many times, I wish someone like you had shown up to save me.
Just a fake bragging sub at this point
Just managed to run 5k in under 23 minutes for the first time (military requirement in the Netherlands)
Congratulations x
Thanks! Really happy about it
That’s awesome. My personal best is 23:50. Any tips for training or just keep pushing?
Run downhill.
x?
It's used to convey tone, usually friendly.
As someone who finds myself moderately got and managed to run 1.61 km, im impressed!
Dude congrats
It takes me like 35 mins to finish a 5K
Some day it will take you 34
Some day it will take you 33
Lads be cheering me up while I'm eating a cheeseburger :(
I noticed one of these... :( 
 So here take this... :D
Are you getting replaced by /u/smile-bot-2020 in a couple of days? :(
Where in holland? 
Look like Katwijk
(Mede Nederlander hier)
hot DAMN that is quick
23 minutes??? Wow if that’s the bare minimum
TIL the Netherlands has a military. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
What app is that mate?
After nearly 3 years of being too anxious to complete any artwork, I finally finished a painting! I'm genuinely proud of it, which I didn't think I could be! I just wanted to share this small victory with someone.
Holy crap! How long you been doing this?
It's annoying when people assign gender to hobbies and things people like.
Or age! I knit and I'm 30. I'm teased for being a Grandma.
Uncultured American searches for culture
I’m Florida man if you have any questions about Florida.
It's 4 am and I can't sleep. I'm looking out the window and drinking a little bit.
Yes I am in your time zone and I haven’t actually slept yet tn
Oh damn. At least I slept a few hours. Are you doing okay?
Yeah just extra wired. Whatcha drinking?
Some whisky, dry. Like it's meant to be drunk
Yes, I’ve been up since 2 am and I’m so mad :(
What time is it for you now?
750 am. You?
8 50
Hi! Have you ever tried watching ASMR videos? They helped me a lot!
They give me goosebumps, can't watch them
Well kinda that's the point, but in a non creepy way...
I stand by my statement now and forever: putting away clean laundry is one of the most boring household tasks ever
I'm procrastinating that very chore by scrolling through reddit right now.
Fresh sheet night is a great night!
It’s my birthday and I’ll probably end up spending it alone because people forget about it lol
Happy birthday!  I’m going to have a cupcake in your honor today.
Happy birthday! How old are you if you don’t mind me asking?
Happy birthday mate, mine was yesterday ! Almost everyone forgot as well haha
I turned 50 today. I feel your pain.
We are losing winter.
Hey, just your casual reminder to use the metric system!
Does anyone else like it when someone says your name?
I used to, but not so much anymore. My name is Alexa.
Being closeted trans. I hate my name being used. :(
Is it just me, or was Christmas kinda off this year?
Yeah Christmas was shit
I’m so excited for tomorrow, simply for the fact that I won’t have to listen to Christmas music anymore
I think it continues till the sales  end
I work at Lowe’s and. It gets pretty annoying specially when you get the song stuck in your head
I would literally go to the hand tool section and jam a screwdriver in each ear.
My funniest racism experience in China
Lmaoooo Eminem?? You should have put her onto some real rap
&gt; you can’t be mad at ignorance.
Can’t I?
My dad is giving me the best Christmas present I could never ask for
Awe congratulations! Best dad award !!
Up doots  for dad!
To everyone feeling lonely tonight
Appreciate the thought, but it really does nothing for me. It doesn’t make me feel less alone.
What do you need, right in that moment?
Does anyone else get lonely and when they finally go out and socialise with friends, you just regret going out?
I do when those friends are shitheads
I just stopped a carjacking
You gonna lock your doors now?
Didn't get much of a choice in the matter since I can't reach the door lock from my seat
Meant from now on.
You're awesome!
Did everyone clap after?
Your FBI agent is taking notes
Out of curiosity what makes you think so?
r/InclusiveOr
I like airports, am I alone?
I like planes, I like flying, I like airports, I like it all. Now I'm an aerospace engineer.
do you even like airplane food?
i like the snacks they give us
Exactly, who doesn't love soda and pretzels?!
Celiacs. :(
My daughter is on a date. She just messaged me to tell me it's going okay.
Damn, lil dude made her pay her own way. Gangsta shit.
Oh this just warms the cockles of my cold dead whore heart. So lovely!
Dang they're only 13?
Slow day at work, what are you up to?
Waiting for my train to leave. So glad to be off work for a few days.
Wrapped most of the presents last night 
Took forever
I made reinbeer  last night for the daycare people turned out fantastic!
If you're feeling unseen, like nobody will listen to you, I'm here for you. I will attentively read and kindly reply to all of your comments. What are you struggling with?
I bet you won't read this due to amount of comments here.
I'm still going to get ignored knowing my luck lmao
Had to break up with my girlfriend and I feel like shit.
My bird just died. I don’t really want to talk about it but I want someone to know.
My asshole literally won't stop bleeding.
This is not a problem I ever expected to have.
Go to the doc
Let's see if I actually being unseen.
The fact I’ve only got 1.5 days left here on this planet.
Everything I do - I fail. Everybody is mad at me and I feel useless...
You are NOT useless! You are awesome!
I'm lonely and too shy to go out
Yeah good luck getting to all the comments. Doubt you'll even read mine
Just seeing if your still here. That’s all
I feel like a poo poo
This has blown up but i doubt you’ll see my comment now , have a very merry Christmas friend
I just need a hug.
I'm unemployed, can't get a job after that last one, and idek what's wrong with me
I think I just experienced America.
America is NOT Twitter or Reddit. Totally agree OP.
A restaurant is how you people gage the racism in america????
Until you go to the doctor and meet reality.
It’s still the greatest country on earth
My 10 year old sister just pranked me good.
How old are you? This is so cute lol
I (60M) am an artist. I met this guy today, and he recognized my name immediately, and said that he had researched my work online.
That's great man! When can we expect to read about how your art sold for 2.7 million dollars?
Bro I took a quick look at your profile and damn dude you’re really talented
Rather attractive, too.
I want a cockroach painting so bad! You're super talented man.
Hey you're the cockroach guy! I saw your work!
Does 60M stand for 60 years old and male?
My cat woke me up at 6:30 am
love this 💛
Me too, so sweet. ❤
Fuckin adorable 💚
So cute💜
The absolute best 💙
🧡Orange heart
🤍White heart
♥️
***you ruined it***
Everything heart is accepted 💟
💜
💖
💕
# INSERT BIG HEART
^(small heart)
🖤 Black heart muahaha
🤟🤚sunset heart hands
You have been accepted as a good owner. You may now join the club.
That's lovely. But also keep a closer eye on her, she might be sick.
&gt;cat mom
cringe
And it's a cringe I won't be ashamed of :)
2000 questions. Pick a number and I’ll give you a question to answer.
846
579
If you were in charge, what 3 items would be in your office vending machine?
What is your current state of mind?
I’m excited 
For this new year and all it’s going to happen in it :D
1216
777
1999? If it's been taken then 20
What is the trait you most deplore in yourself?
1746
1991
What do you think is the most beautiful word?
617
1525
ummm 707 th.
1018 pls.
Are you a giver or receiver?
1250?
737
If you had to create chapters in your diary or journal, name 3 chapters.
My friends and I are in our 20's. We were recently in a candy store and getting super excited about all the candy and trying to decide which ones to buy. An elderly woman, perhaps around 90, came up to us and told us how happy she was to see how you young adults have not lost your inner child.
This is so precious!
I’m 35 and I find joy in very little and am tired.  I hate it but I don’t know what to do
Saved this post  to look at when i get sad
Oh my gosh, you are my favorite person right now.
I'm going to be 61 on Tuesday. In my mind, I am 17. My body feels old, but I'm a kid.
I made a woman in my office cry because I brought in cookies
Why was this removed?!
In ten words or less, what is the meaning of your username?
Did I mention I'm the great Stone dragon?
How do we know you aren't just a rake who likes to get stoned
i have epilepsy and i’m a devil worshiper
I like Pink Floyd. I like Star Trek. Pink Trek.
I wish making friends was easier.
You sweety can DM me here anytime you feel lonely
What is so wrong with me that no one talks with me very long?
You can find people here that will be very pleased to have a conversation with you.
Are you one of them?
If you want to talk, I’m open.
My band just released a new EP on Spotify at Midnight and it's already got 100 streams!! So excited
Gave it a listen, giving me serious early 2000s Arctic Monkeys vibes. Love it x
What genre is it? I might give it a listen
Think arctic monkeys and you’re there
I can't remember if I like them or not...
Teddy picker etc
Where in England are you based?
Isn't it so fucking cool that birds are dinosaurs?
Yes, and that their variety is beautiful.
Everything that is alive came from dinosaurs. Not just birds.
Not entirely true. Crocodilians evolved before the dinosaurs and still exist to this day
My 97-year-old grandma is healthy, sound of mind... and incredibly bored. How can I help her find more excitement in life?
MAKE her take up painting again
Wendy's Chicken Nugget prices have caused me an excessive amount of stress in my life
Burger King have the best deal! 
10 for $1.49
But McDonald’s taste the best
My pet bird woke me up in the cutest way possible
This is why I love birds, they are so cute! But they can be really mean to so :/
Does it like mangos? Random question.
green is an underrated colour
unfortunately green is not a creative colour
What’s your favorite idea? Mine is thinking creatively.
Why is chocolate milk so fucking good?
Because it's liquid CHOCOLATE
ITS SO FUCKING GOOD
Oak is the bomb!!
It's like Jesus is ejaculating in my mouth
chocolate milk comes from brown cows🦙
It’s been a good morning
I’m planning on doing the same thing with my mom!
Happy birthday!
Our adoption process has been successful, we're going to be fathers!!!
Congratulations!!
Congratulations!    I am glad another child has found a family.
so they are like fucking gay or something?
I mean yeah. But who cares?
that's sick
Don't be so fucking backwards.
Yes I fucking am. Do you have a problem with that?
:O my name is abby too :D
That's amazing, wish ya'll luck
Poor Abby will have to grow up with twice as many dad jokes.
Which one of you will be doing Dad jokes?
Hah! Gayyyyyyyy!
What breed?
Breed?
Abby is so lucky to have her family. You're gonna be great dads!!
Thanks but my husband and I are the lucky ones.
Bunk up on rest guys! Kids are cool and all but  holy shit i'm tired
Goals! 🤩😍 I hope to be living this life myself one day! Congratulations! ❤❤❤
I hope you get too. It's the most amazing feeling I've ever felt.
More propaganda
How? Sharing our experience is not going yo turn straight people gay!
It's too late mate, I've gone gay now.
Oh no I'm so sorry!
Twice the dad jokes.
That's the gay agenda at work!
Oh, behave.
Abigail means fathers joy! What a wonderful day!
Does it really ? That's amazing. I've always liked that name!
Another Childs life ruined by a Gay couple. Sickening.
How do you figure that monumental amount of bullshit?
Ah, casually announcing to Reddit that you're going to ruin another childs life.  So adorable.
When you say ruin her life you mean give her a loving supportive stable home.
Smoke all the pot you can now!!!! Before you have to hide it!
That’s so gay
Sad and disgusting
#youre gonna be amazing Dads. Congratulations!!! :D
Oh god no
Double the dad jokes...
I feel for that kid.
lol but seriously congrats!
I’ve been smoke free for one year!
r/lairoflords found one!
My coworker eats lemons with salt
That's a southern US thing. It's degree of strangeness is proportional to where you come from.
Thanks for the idea
I ate lemons with salt all the time in my youth.
After 4 long months of continuous survival in a shelter, loosing my job, car breaking down, and not having childcare for some time. I would like to announce me and my baby are no longer HOMELESS! I have a car again, a stable/ permanent place to sleep, a new job in the New Year &amp; he starts preschool.
Happy for you mate ♥️
Thank you 😊
Best of luck for the future. Btw a father or mother?
It has to be a mother. There really aren't really much for shelters for men
How did you go about doing that?
Losing not loosing
Thanks I am aware, things happen..
What kind of job did you find?
🍹🍸What Are You Having? 🥃🍻
Iced coffee
If I’m out for a brunch my first request this always an Irish Coffee.  I can’t say no to those!
Water on the rocks
Sounds like a wild time!!!
Summarize the book you're currently reading, as lazily as possible, and let's guess what it is!
A bypass is built
A man refuses to die
Man lives in society that is surveilled all the fucking time.
Family bad
Goes house with other
(It's on Wattpad so probably won't find it)
Stalin is a bad communist and betrays the revolution.
A boy steals a painting
Choo choo stabby time
Murder on the Orient Express
Some people have weird maddening experiances with tentacles.
My 8yo daughter just roasted me... and I felt proud.
You better find some way to stay ahead of her!
I have a challenge
You do. Seriously, if she gets too fresh are you able to admonish her?
Sell her into marriage
That'll chasten her!
not to discredit your daughter, but it's 100% likely she took that from YouTube
I love being a Gen X
How do i know what Gen i am?
I just really love my girlfriend
I don't have a girlfriend ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
One day man, one day
Don't do that. Don't give me hope.
You're missing an arm as well.
    
    ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Are you an octopus! Man they said they were smart...
As a 30-year-old dad, I wanted to prove to myself that I could go back to college and rock a full class load while working 60-hour weeks, in order to finally get a degree. Just finished my first semester back in school and qualified for the Dean’s List!
This is hardcore internalized capitalism. But congrats! I hope your path makes your life amazing
Bored so let's play a game!
Like am I forced to listen to it non-stop for 2 months straight, or can I turn it off sometimes?
It will be your only source of entertainment on this island
Billie Holiday's Lady in Satin.
What made you choose this one??
A song called The Road Unknown, we played it for my concert last year. Made me tear up.
Oooh damn....one song for two months is bold. Respect. Do you know who made it?
A man named Richard Meyer, it's a great piece.
I have six hours to kill - ask me anything and I'll answer honestly!
Are you gay
Not including your partner, who is the last person you thought of when you masturbated?
How did you meet your partner and what’s one thing you like about her the most?
Have you ever been to Europe?
You got a console ?
Who's your favourite musician/band?
I'm rocking out 60 hour weeks making sure your Christmas gifts get to you quickly
Jeff Bezos makes $190,000 every minute sitting on his ass
I just had my first hug after many years
I'm glad you enjoyed it! I'm sorry you don't get more hugs.
Here's to more hugs in the future
Here is one from me!
And from me! To hugs!
 Can i give and receive a hug?
No, you may only receive two hugs from me, not one &lt;3
You are gonna get all the hugs!
I hope I'm not late to get some hugs?
Better late than ever!! *hugs*
You are never late for a hug friend! All the hugs for you too!
Yay! Have one back!
Hugs for all!
I wanna join in!
Hugs for you too. Happy cake day!
I just got into college!
That's so awesome!! Congrats!
Thank you! It made my day
I would only go to school tfor the women
Waiting for my person at the airport like in the movies
I did the same thing after my SO’s return from his deployment in South Korea, he loved it!
I support this cute shit. This is some cute ass shit right here.
That is the way
Just came to the realization that I'm an old man
ok boomer
Runescape or oldschool? 🤓
And yes we become our parents
Meh could be worse I guess
I proved to my cousin that “useless” math like imaginary numbers is necessary for modern society.
You have the infinite energy of God within you and math brings her out!
Infinite energy isn’t possible, lol
I really enjoy seeing that orange number in my inbox.
Wow, that's brutal.
Me too! Love it when someone replies to a comment. It’s not just you
(I can't resist)
Have a reply my fellow good redditor!
Same here! I barely get notifications though, lol.
blib blob
Same, love to see that message in my inbox
yes, it is the same
please make my inbox red
I'm coming out as bi and I have almost no one to tell
Ayyy! Another fellow bisexual, I'm glad you are able to accept the person that you are 💕
that's so sweet *big hug*
My Cat's An Atheist
Why atheist? He might be a satanist
Or Jewish?
This made me smile for some reason. Chaotic cats really are amazing lmao
Today is my “fake” birthday
Hey! You picked my real bday as your fake bday!
Happy Birthday 🎁
You have to battle for the birthday now. This is the way.
This is the way!
You have to shut up or were stuck in a loop. You repeat it only once. This is the way!
It's my bday too! Bday squad 😎
Its my real birthday, so I’m happy to share it with you!
Mine too! Welcome to the 12/12 club!
Whatchu smoking on :)
my birthday is in 3 days! happy birthday!!!!!
Mine is in two!
Where did you immigrate from? Maybe there is a chance to find out!
I was born in Somalia but left during the start of the war.
If you cut off a limb you can count the rings to determine the age.
Hey it's actually my sister's birthday today this is actually pretty cool
Who sponsored you?
Hey ! I want to give you a gift for your fake birthday! 
Send me your address in private ! :)
Is my real birthday happy birthday to u :)
Today is my real birthday!!! Yay we are birthday buddies!!!
No you’re not OP is a liar.
Why would you think that? Lol
So we have the same birthday?
I totally would have picked February 29th, but I'm a freak like that
What hobby would you pursue/skill would you learn in 2020 if money and time werent a factor?
Learning japanese. 
(like the weeb I am)
What are your top 5 cereals? GO!
Coco Pebbles, Fruity Pebbles, Honey Nut Cheerios, Cap’n Crunch, lucky charms
only have 3. 
1. frosted flakes 
2. Special K Red Berries
3. cocoa krispies
Oatmeal, Grapenuts, muesli, Cracklin' Oat Bran, Cream of Wheat.
I'm left-handed and I use a lot of commas when I'm drunk. What's something mildly unique about you?
I’m nearly ambidextrous and I can subluxate both of my shoulders.
Brb, googling subluxate.
Partially dislocate.  TIL that people normally can’t do that...
Are you able to?
Yes.  I didn’t know that it wasn’t normal.
I snap with my ring finger instead of my middle finger
I can touch my neck with my ankle
I feel better since I've started treating myself like a video game character.
We’re you playing The Long Dark by any chance?
I want to have subreddit for players who knows we play this game!
Make one. Should be fun.
Check out r/outside this is very close
Thanks! Yeah. That’s lit.
Ikr!
It’s a bit like solipsism. Like, in a good way.
My girlfriend said a really nice compliment to me this morning on our drive into work and it made me cry quietly after she was out of sight.
Hi actually becoming a man I’m crying now too :')
Hi crying now too I'm crying with you three
Hi crying with you three, I’m dad
I'm 31 (no kids) and still get teary eyed when someone says I'll be a good dad
Hello my alcoholic counterpart
I've been looking everywhere for you
This whole conversation made me laugh and cry
mum called me her daughter for the first time over the phone
You are a degenerate
NAH, She's living here best life. Fuck outta here with your non-essential negativity!
Its a fetish thats gone too far and any reasonable person who points out the truth gets shat on
Congratulations.It is great to hear that you are bonding more strongly than ever. 😀
In my opinion, anti-boomer culture has brought Millennials and Gen Z together like no other two concurrent generations.
Hell fucking yes.
Just sayin that as a Gen Zer, I dont know any Z that would pass on avocado toast
boomer here.. introduced my gen z and millenial friends to avo toast. where do i fit in?
Even this post ignores Gen X. It's official: We are invisible to everyone.
I do absolutely nothing at work 90% of the time im working.
Maybe learn some programming? You could code some stuff and work at the same time
Ill never understand these posts. I would kill for a job like that lol.
For the first time in my life, I feel handsome
Seriously, can you leave some handsomeness in this world for us?
On a holiday in Germany, a cute looking guy was behind me in line at the supermarket and I said to my friend - after learning some of the language - 'dieser man ist niedlich!' And now I want to sink into the floor!
have taken 2 seconds longer huh
# HAVE TAKEN TWO SECONDS LONGER HUH
You're not making any sense huh!
^(have taken two seconds longer huh)
I don't speak German, but somehow the phrase sounds wrong to me...
I said that man is cute (attractive)
That back fired fast
I know!
Well how was germany anyways?
Still here and it's cold. I miss the heat of Australia.
I'm worried about hurting myself and need to talk to literally anyone
I just ate a continental breakfast at a $49 a night comfort inn, and the guy in charge of stocking the breakfast counter/keeping the tables clean took such pride in his job and was so happy, it just kinda made my whole day.
Give a good review to their manager. That goes a long way.
Kinda sucks that I doubt he makes enough to even stay one night there with how much he makes.
Do you ever write somebody or a post about a problem but while writing the message and trying to make it as understandable as you can, you suddenly understand it yourself and delete the message you spend 30mins writing?
Yep but my fucked up brain decides to send the message anyways...
Thank god WhatsApp allows you to delete messages
yeah but not if the other one already saw them...
I'll give you a tip:
Prewrite your msg in notes. 
Saved my butt more often than i would admit
I'm attracted to nice guys
Nice try, nice guy
I've never in my life met somebody that wasnt attracted to nice, kind people?
Nice guy bait
What are you getting Yourself for Christmas?
An instrument called an Otamatone
What kind of instrument is?
As a guy struggling with intimacy, I really like hugs
Everybody loves hugs!
Do you ever smell something and just become teleported through time to that specific moment and place and relive a memory or event out?
The smell is called a retreival cue!
\*looks for the twenty one pilots comment\*
Cinnamon rolls are just amazing.
They really are, I don’t think I’ve had a bad one yet
My boss just saw me working hard and said that's my girl.
Are you guys hiring by any chance?
Since I'm the new favorite, I can get you an in ;)
I'll take things a boss shouldn't say to their employees for $500, Alex.
He's probably got a daughter her age
My university just gave me a full ride scholarship and retroactively absorbed older fees
That’s great! What University are you going to?
University of Southern California
Nice! I got stuck with 100k in student loans, smart move by you
Shit I graduated with 120K AFTER a 100K scholarship. I just took another 22K for a masters also
This is beyond awesome and i am so proud and happy for you!!!!!!
I don’t know about community colleges life is odd
I'm an uncle!
I've been an uncle since I was 3 months
Brown Eyes
I was the opposite I hated my blue eyes I wanted brown eyes they were more exotic to me
I hope you love your eyes now :)
Yeah they are okay lol I’m just thankful for vision lol don’t worry about eye color anymore!
I'm sure they're beautiful :)
They are light blue. Thanks that made me smile :)
Sounds gorgeous :) good I'm glad! I hope you continue to smile and have a happy day!
I love brown eyes. I personally have blue eyes, which are nice, but brown eyes are so homey
I love all eyes! I'm sure you're eyes are homey too :))
Someone asked me, What are you most proud of in 2019? I just hit my 9 month mark on sobriety.
I made 2 tracks
Hello. Hi. Hey.
Setting up for finals on Monday.
Good luck! Finals for what?
pls help me find my next series to binge-watch! examples of things i like in the description.
You have Breaking Bad on your list, but not Better Call Saul.
Oh yes, I haven't seen. Is it worth a look do you think?
New season out yet ?
Shameless
Would you recommend the UK version, or the U.S one?
Good burger. Good comedy movie though sadly it’s a movie and not a series.
I asked for a very high starting salary and I GOT IT!
Congratulations mate!
Hope you do well
How much do you earn?
Bro u know ur supposed to ask a man his favorite color, not his salary
My sister's cat saved our lives last night
Wow!! Gaster saved the day!!! Hope you  all gave him some treats :)
He will get plenty of treats
Aww! Yay!
Omg .. thank god for your little guy.
How'd Gaster get his name?  Quite fitting for the save!
My sister named him after a character from the video game Undertale.
Now I'm curious about the names of the other two cats
\*Gaster spares you\*
\*It fills you with determination\*
Gaster the gas detector
You're my friend now
I like memes. How long have you been with your bf
You and me both... lol. Four years in May.
Hey friend
Oh hello :)
What's up dude !!
My dude, nothing is up but watching Toy Story. You?
Watching Gram Stephen
What is that about?
He's a wealthy real estate investor.
Sounds boring lol
I like those things 😹
No wonder you came and talked to me. I’m boring. Lol
I'm always up for digital penpals.
How goes life?
I'm always up for friends.
Oh hello friend :)
I passed my o-chem final!!!
Well done. You should be proud of yourself
Thanks how's your day?
Stressful.
I received a raise in my job today!
Yeah but 30% of 8 bucks an hour is nothing to be proud of
I'm becoming an old man
It’s not the years, it’s the mileage.
I stopped reading at oatmeal raisin cookie
To go buy some from the store?
Yes all of the stock and then proceed to burn them
Burnt ones are good too!
What is something you are excited about?
I'm gonna be trying to buy a new bike this upcoming year. Hoping for March
My graduation ceremony in 2 hours!
My girlfriend is meeting my family, that outta be fun.
The end of my semester in 3 days!
im going to pick out christmas gifts next week, and a shirt i ordered is coming soon!
For the first time in my life, I'm perfectly fine with the idea of not being in a relationship
I’m at the pint where I am fine with not being good enough to be in a relationship
I finished college today!!!
I have got a girlfriend. The first time in my 20 years of life.
I graduated this summer and got a job at IBM as software developer.
I hope my dog knows how much I love him....
Do you know how much he loves you?
This made my eyes all misty
Misty?
Crying like a baby over here...
Aren't cheeto puffs orange though?
I wish I could figure out what this was referring to lmao
You know that Apple emoji that has the big, sad eyes? That was me when I opened the image
Hey! Dont know how reddit works, just wanted to say hi
Hiii!
MARE DE DEU. cuantos castellano parlantes
Pues ya ves jajajaja
Cuantas casualidades, que cosas.
Hello! :) I have you seen you are in Barcelona, I am too (well, close). How are you?
Fine thanks!! and you?
I'm good too :)
Wassup!
Hey there! How to doin?
How are you ACTUALLY feeling?
Tired. 
Was feeling bad...but better now. Thanks for asking.
Kinda lonely, kinda tired.
I just matched with my downstairs neighbor on Tinder
That's hilarious! I feel like that's super convenient but could get awkward fast
No way my extensive research of romcoms tell me this is a perfect cute meet
baaaaaaaah meet cute
Did you fuck?
not yet, thankfully we’re both in our PJs and don’t want to hang lol
I thought it could only go &gt;1 mile?....
I’m an (almost) 30 year old man, and my 11 year old just made me (happy) cry
Damn your 11 year old is making ME happy cry. What a sweet kid. Ya done good my man. Done good.
It's my birthday. I'm alone
Happy Birthday stranger! And I hope you have such a wonderful and lovely day!
Happy birthday! Enjoy the day and relax! And dont forget to get yourself a nice birthday treat!
Hey, we share the same birthday!
this happened to me before and it sucks..I'm sorry and hope you have an awesome day
Thankyou I'll try :) you too
Happy birthday 🎉
Happy birthday stranger, how is/was your meal?
Happy birthday 🎂! I hope you're haing a good time in the pub!
Thankyou:) I did my best. Have a good day
Happy birthday
Many happy returns. I hope you enjoy you meal. 
Where are you traveling to?
Thankyou. Phuket thailand on the way , then Melbourne,  Australia for a year:)
Wow I'm jealous. That sounds amazing. 
Where in the UK are you from?
Happy Birthday!! Your not alone, you have your reddit family. Much love from South Wales/UK xxx
Hey Happy Birthday :)
Hey man, today’s my birthday too, let’s celebrate it together!
So where are you going to eat?
Me too brother. Dec 4th kids tough it out. Hmu anytime
happy birthday! mine was yesterday and was also stood up /: on the bright side, free drinks!
actually its not very bad. I used to it for years.
I realise I am 3 days late but I hope you still enjoyed your birthday :)
Does anyone else feel like they have no friends?
Lemme tell you this... 
It only gets worse after college.
My girlfriend and I can’t have a dog so we adopted a fly and named him Jarrell
I would have gone with Mick
Mick fly
Barbara Flysand
fucking Jarrell man....can't take this fly anywhere!
He still the homie tho
Hell yea he his! Homies are forever. Jarrell's da man.
I think he’s dead now but he will forever live on in our hearts. RIP Jarrell
That's what my dad names the cockatiel I found this summer
You found a cockatiel?
Next one can be Tony.
Stark? 😭😭
OMG BEST REDDIT POST EVER. DAMMIT JARRELL!!! I had to read this 12 times!! I LOVE IT!!!
Jarrell loves you.
I started drawing half a year ago and want to show it to someone.
Nice work! What is your Instagram? I will be there when you start posting!
Such great work you should take them to a gallery...
It's amazing but I dont understand what's NSFW.. can anyone enlighten me?
It's my cat's first Christmas with me and I'm so excited!
Username DOESN'T check out :( this is so sad
I can't wait to get Elliot a present and sit in the cool airconditioning away from the heat
I got a 60k scholarship to University of Minnesota!
Holy cow, that’s a lot for the UofM. Congrats! You’re talking the Twin Cities location, right?
Congratulations ! What will you be studying?
Good work. My son is a junior there. Pretty competitive institution to get accepted to!
Great job! Meanwhile I spelt boxcar wrong at a spelling bee
Thank you! Once upon a time I got out first round at a spelling bee as well
By the way, it wasn't because I'm dumb, it was because I hate stages
Successfully convinced my wife to vaccinate our son
Someone give this man a medal
Vaccinations go back much further than 40-50 years.
Try 1796.
As of today, I am no longer homeless.
Awesome!!! 😁
You're welcome :) I'm so happy for you, being homeless at Christmas would suck
I remember that feeling congrats and enjoy
Hey, happy cake day!!
Yayyyyyy! Congratulations sir!!!
Congratulations!!!! I’m so proud of you!!! :D!
Hey, I'm a weeb too! Time to watch in the sanctity of my own home now!
God any homeless story also, what's the best gift to something who is homeless
I wish you well as you get adjusted to what should have always been a part of your life. 💜
HELL YES!!! I’m very close to getting out of being homeless too.
Multiple friends reached out to me when I joked that I was sad
Honestly it shows who’s the real one in your group and the fake ones.
18 friends is.. More than i have lets keep it at that
I only have 3 close friends and the rest are acquaintances
You guys have people who want to talk to you? /s but not really lmao
you guys have people???
You guys?!
I get very emotionally invested in games
Just finished Detroit, tried so hard to keep everyone alive 😭
Don't play the walking dead
Too late. That was rough
Yeah :(
Happy cake day btw
Thanks. Have you ever played shenmue or Yakuza?
Nope don't think so. Is it worth checking out?
Did I get a job?
Congrats dude! Where are you gonna work?
Congratulations and welcome to the real world. It sucks...you are gonna love it.
i cry when imagining someone hugging and comforting me. is that weird?
Not weird at all. Sending virtual hugs
Life's too short, do whatever the fuck makes you happy
Life is short but it’s the longest thing you do.
How old are you, if I may ask?
I got a few hours to kill so ask me anything! The more questions the better, hopefully this will make time go by a bit faster
Do you like buttsex? If so, do you prefer taking it or giving?
Haha I don't mind it but it's not something important to me. And I prefer giving
Are you in schcool? Or do you work?
I work, am just about to start at a new place
What you mean by kill?
I’m done. I’ve been putting it off but this morning I woke up and it was hard to breathe so I got up, handed my cigarettes to my mom and put a nicotine patch on. I’m fed up man.
You can do it! It only takes three days for the nicotine to leave your system
Don’t ever forget the way that dream felt man.
Hell yeah man. Do some Pushups whenever you get a craving and you'll be yoked in no time
Step one
You can fucking do it man! I know you can! How are you feeling today?
Not bad! Today was fairly easy. Had plenty of lollipops/gum to help me.
That's good! Don't give up! :) You have any plans for the rest of the day?
I ditched all my fake friends to make real friends.
My grandfather always said, it's better to have four quarters than a hundred pennies
He may have just not liked carrying change.
Change...is INEVITABLE
Wtf is your username dude
Such a positive thread now tainted because the poster uses an actual slur for their name. :(
Lol I forgot to log off my troll account when I posted this. Oops.
This guy post so much under his “troll account” I suspect it’s his actual personality.
Yeah I glanced at your post history and I don’t think fake friends are the issue, dude. Yikes.
Goodness me. Racist, sexist AND homophobic. I bet those friends are glad they dodged a bullet.
Who wants ANOTHER Tarot reading?
I’d like one if you’re still doing it 😌
Hoping to have someone to talk to.
130 am? You live in Europe?
Nah in Europe it’s 6pm
I just wanted to remind everyone during this Black Friday craziness that today is also Buy Nothing Day.
I'm actually applying for my first job today!
Spending Thanksgiving alone, anyone wanna talk?
I'd like to talk but I'm probably to late, sorry
We can still talk if you’d like :) my fam came home!!
I had friends message me happy thanksgiving and it made me thankful I now have friends who do that. Happy thanksgiving to each and every one of you on this sub!
That’s so sweet! I hope you enjoy the holiday!
Happy thanksgiving :)
I’m a hugger.
Currently listening to ‘hug all your friends’ by Cavetown. I think you might like it ;)
Ah, another cavetown fan in the wild.
Podcast?
Please treat those at the other end of the phone line like fellow human beings!
This goes for online chat associates too.  My wife cries everyday because people are jerks.
I’m an Australian up late and I just wanted to wish you all a very happy thanksgiving!
Thank you! So glad you got some rain!! ☔️ I’ll eat an extra mini pie for you 😉 🥧
That was a month ago! (Canada)
Haha ohhh shit! Really?! That’s crazy
Yea we do it on the second monday of October
Aha wow that’s awesome
Are you alone this Thanksgiving?
hi
Hello ! How are you?
Yes I'm alone.  And I wish it wasn't this way.
I’m sorry. I wish it was the same for myself as well. Do you have any pets ?
Not really but I have to study which is worse lol
What are you studying ? Are you hydrated and fed ?
My dad just told me he changed his faith over something I told him almost 20 years ago.
So, what did you two talk about in that life changing conversation?
That's what I actually wanted to hear about too.
I just mentioned it in a comment higher up in the thread
My dog was found after 5 days!
Very glad that he's back, but seriously, where are the pictures?
Right, i should show some pictures
Dog tax. We need to see him.
I have some pictures on my profile
Wasn't being really serious about it. It's just the done thing. Fire away!
Haha, I'm still more than happy to show you the pictures.
I am a straigh 22m and I have no male friends, and I think that is kinda embarrasing
There's nothing wrong with it as long as you have friends
but there is something wrong if i don't?
You're the only one being awkward about it. It's fine.
Hm, yeah maybe it is fine after all, I just wouldn't want my friends to be bored
I'm 21f and I have no friends, the only online friends I have are male. Can I meet your friends?
Guess you can also come to my birthday party :D Where are you from?
I forgot how fucking good oatmeal is....
Not to make this post political or anything...
But what the FUCK is oatmeal?
Just got an A in math and it feels great
Yay!!!!!  
If you are taking more math courses I’d love to help if I’m able to :)
Just listened to Nirvana for the first time
It is the most overrated band in the world
Can we sing a nirvana song
Load up on guns, bring your friends
It’s fun to lose and to pretend
She's over-bored and self-assured
Oh no, I know a dirty word
A 5-Year-Old Complimented Me While Insulting His Mom
imagine competing with a ring of metal, just to get your mum’s breast milk
The kid is 5 though...
OMG LOL kids are amazing hahah i would not be able to hold my laughter back if I was there
I managed to hold it until I was done with my route. XD
just for giggles, should have said well maybe Mom and I can Compare
Whaaat your allowed to have piercings?!! That’s so cool!
And a big tattoo on my arm as well!
My parents would never let me get a tattoo or piercings they would freak
after you tern 18 your mortality hits ya parents hard.
and they start careing less
My parents are really strict they would smack me anyways even if I was 18 or not
What is your tattoo of
Look on my profile. I love it so much!
Cool my favorite of mine is a cardinal on my ribs. Hurt like hell. Worth.
Children just don’t know where to stop their sentences and its fucking hilarious
r/kidsarefuckingstupid
What was the mom's reaction?
How would he know though....
Is /r/TalesFromBusDrivers a thing yet?
Not trying to say this is fake but comeon the chances of this happening...
We're gonna need to see their moms boobies to verify this. Haha
Amen! She looked to be in her late 20s/early 30s, very curvy, wouldn't mind verifying this haha
Do you have tattooes? And if yes what kinds?
I've got 19 and counting haha.
Poop
Hey you! Yes you!
nice joke
Why these kinda posts make me feel worse
It's not ur fault, ur good
Hope you feel better
Positivity is always nice!
*hugs you* Mmm, it's so soft!
😂😂 *hugs*
My dog just sneezed in my rear and I feel like I need to wash my insides I’m so uncomfortable.
Your title is much funnier.
Omg how do I change that, it won’t let me change it???
Don’t change it. It’s hilarious. One of life’s little autocorrect gifts. 😂
I now fear my top reddit post is going to be about my dog seemingly sneezing into my asshole
Here’s hoping
We really need to upvote the post more. It will end up being fun for OP
Already did - someone crosspost it somewhere.
Congratulations, this post beats your 2nd highest upvoted post by about 40x
Yes it does. At least it’s a happier subject.
Nice name OP, you better be talking about OSRS though. RS3 can fuck a cactus
Ok I read the title and then the first sentence and was like this filthy bitch over here...
I’m clearly having myself a case of the Monday’s.
I'll be honest I actually first read ear until I saw the comment. Ahaha
Your what now
#DOG SNEEZES IN ASSHOLE
OP. The typo is very funny, but you can delete the post if you want.
Nooo - be interesting to see the
final total.
It would be, but OP seems embarrassed.
Your title gaffe got you 10x the clicks.
The title is bait
r/beastiality called.
How’s your rear?
I'm calling animal services.
Sure, “typo”. I’ll definitely try this next time.
Redditor for 6 months, couple posts, doesn't know about titles... riiiiight. Am with you.
WE NEED PICS OF DOGGO.
What breed is she?
Didn't lock the comments because y'all can behave.
Mods saying 'yall cant / can behave' is becoming a parody. It's stupid shit, please stop.
The title says rear and the body says ear. Lol 
Sorry not funny. Kind of funny. 
Q-tip.
I got an award for the highest grade in a class in law school and I am crying
Thats so cool! Congratulations on your achievement!
Out at a restaurant right now with my son. I can’t believe the number of people with hats on in this restaurant. When did it become socially acceptable to leave your hat on inside a restaurant when eating?
Seriously, though, what's so wrong about wearing a hat inside?
My little dopamine boost
Need to see this picture.
I just really want someone to hold me while I sleep
But a sovepose bro
Who wants a Tarot reading?
Why are lemons so damn attractive?
Didn't realize I had my comments sorted by Controversial all day. I feel like I just woke up from a nightmare.
Welcome to the mirror world where negatives are positives and positives are negatives
I don't like it here. Take it baaaack
I’m completely out!
Congratulations, you can really be proud of yourself!!
Huge congrats good for you😊
I came out as a furry to one of my friends yesterday. Apparently I hid it really well.
There is a difference between revealing your sexual orientation and revealing a fetish.
Soon we'll have to come out as straight...
things are changing, people aren’t scared to be themselves anymore.
if you’re a girl, you should join actuallesbians, we’d love to have you
I’m assuming you are Pan because of the emojis? Lol
yea lolol :)
How did you get food, use the restroom, etc...?
what do you mean?
I refused to give my leftovers to a homeless man, than gave it to a nicer homeless man.
Why do only people who are polite deserve to have food?
Bad behavior shouldn't be rewarded.
Bad homeless man! Bad! No dinner!
I'm sure lessons were learned that day.
I had a Star Wars marathon with my 9yo daughter and she tried to use a Jedi mind trick on me
An attempt was made.
Maybe she needs more training lol
You're a good mother, I hope you know that!
Have you guys ever “invented” something before knowing that it exists?
The word “cupcakery” and cinnamon-mint toothpaste.
I remember one time when I was in like 1st grade, I told my neighbor, who was this cool teenager that I looked up to, that I had a real, working lightsaber, and that my parents had gotten it for me for Christmas. But I said I couldn’t bring it over to show it to him.
Remind me again why indulging delusions to protect feelings is a good thing?
Right now i'm trying my best not to break down. So who wants to talk?
Have you heard about solid state batteries?
What's going so rough for ya?
What kind of snacks do you like?
Honestly, anything sweet. How about you?
Same. I'd eat my weight in iced honey buns if i could
That would probably kill you, sadly
I Saved Someone's Dog Today
Holy shit this tog is the exact same copy of my dog, only difference my pup is a boy
I love people like you.
You’re the nicest person in the entire world
LMAO you are ridiculous but I love you
You love me?
Wow that didn’t take much
WHO FUCKING CARES
THE OWNER OF THE DOG
Good on you, you were the perfet human today :-)
Key word TODAY haha
I am a woman. I consider myself a feminist. And I love men!
You can't make changes with hate. You need to work together if you want real equality.
I agree. I want to give all of you a hug.
If you're hot, holy shit imagine the boners.
Empowering women does not mean oppressing men.  Some people just don't understand that.
Hello please distract me before I start crying in front of people.
Can you tell me about the best day you've ever had?
Being reunited with my father after my mother’s revenge PFA was lifted after 2 and 1/2 weeks
Tell us more
What's the best day you've had this year? Something cool to be thankful for.
I honestly have no idea..... most of the year I was shooting dope and smoking meth
Okay, rough year. Have anything nice to look forward to?
Eh.....me and my fiancé are trying for a baby :)
Have you stopped?  It sounds like you have. You’re a rockstar for that.
Stopped heroin. Been 162 or 163 days now since I’ve touched heroin
Congrats. It been 15yrs for me. Still on Suboxone though, but close to getting off that.
Suboxone saved my fucking life.
What are your opinions on foxes and raccoons
They’re so cute ESPECIALLY raccoons!!! I love em
I started to say who DOESN'T love raccoons, but then I read more comments.
Lol I love them too much!
What is your favorite video game release from the past 5 years?
What is the best movie that you’ve seen this year?
Didn’t come out this year but The Departed
Teach me to make a chicken pot pie!?? lol please :P
What scent gives you the most peace? For me it's citron.
I'm thinking of grabbing a pizza tonight.  What do you like on your pizza?
Lol extra cheese and ham :)
If you had to bring pie to Thanksgiving dinner, what type would be the safest bet?
Apple!
Bc I love apple and so does most of America lol
OP how are you doing now? I know I’m **very** late to the post!
All good! Still periodically answering. Doing much much better.
OI what's your fav type of bread
Hopefully youre better now
This post made me cry, you all rushed to help. So many lovely people!
I'm taking my two kids to see Frozen 2 this morning. Please pray for my sanity.
Let it go.
Genuine question:
Why the fuck do people have those little shits called children?
I'm not poop
Show me your tits.
I'm a boy
My Coworker Made Me Cry Today
Aw that’s awesome!
That is so sweet! It just made my day!
For real! People like her are angels! :)
Sweater tax please!
I totally thought this was going in a different route
She wants in your pants.
I got a Cambridge University Interview
You rock, OP!  I’m happy for you.  
I want to study law so I’m quite nervous as it’s competitive but I hope I’ll be fine!
Got rejected from Oxford then?
I swear you can't even apply to both lmfao
my brother just got an interview too! good luck!
I made a rick and morty reference at work today that no one got and made the cute new girl uncomfortable.
I'd have hi-fied you if I were present
I would’ve obliged
I'd have left you hanging mid way to make the situation more awkward, tho.
I’ve been working full time for 3 weeks. I have no idea how people do this forever.
Yeah but I also enjoy eating and paying for my own shit so....yeah
This shouldn't be contingent on holding a job... That's the point.
Lol. That's cute. 🤣
Why be rude?
r/antiwork
I ACED my organic chem lab final today
All in learned in org chem was to pop sodium in water.
Good job,  O chem is a bitch,  celebrate well!
i need this kind of good ju ju for my two finals in a couple weeks
Your username says it all, that is in fact inhuman, congrats!
Thanks !
Do you ever type a whole comment just to delete it before posting it?
Lmao... I love this and hate it at the same time.
Oh dear, this is not at all going as I had hoped.
[Delyeeted]
Happens to most of us. Nowadays, I'm trying to be expressive and just post it anyways.
I always think my comments sound stupid, so yes.
I frequently write comments and then self-censor for privacy and for being afraid of rejection.
I feel that. The fear of rejection is strong. I’m glad you posted this. ☺️
At least daily. Almost did it with this comment, in fact.
Bro I just feel like someone's probably already said it so there's no point in me saying it too
Just did it
Found an old iPod classic deep in my couch, currently have it connected to my pc and am jamming a ton of old music I can't find online anymore. Major nostalgia trip.
I found a first gen Ipad in my couch.
I found my old iPod touch but I had a password on it I can’t remember so it sucks
Damn, that sucks. Is there a way to reset the password through your AppleID account?
I thought at first you found it in your conch
What music can't you find online anymore? I bet you, you can.
Nah. A lot of it is demos of friends’ bands and songs I recorded.
Can you upload the songs? All of them! I kinda wanna listen to them
deep in your couch?
did it just sink there one day?
Pick a fruit, any fruit...
It's as close as you can get to an apple without being an apple.
Pineapple?
Smells good for me but bad for a lot of people
Oh that stinky fruit! I learned about it on a TV show!
Durian?
YES
YAHHHHH WHOOT!
Want to guess mine? :)
Can be summarised as sweet mashed potatoes
It tastes like a forced smile.
sweet and spicy orange
Round with flats. Amazingly sweet. Seasonal seeds. Tedious.
Mandarine orange?
I have lost 10 kgs (22 pounds) and I’m really proud of myself
Thanks I will
22 pounds in one month? Wow!
I know right? Crazy
Does anyone else really love the winter?
 Nope! Nope! Nope!
Yes yes yes?
At a concert by myself
Who are you seeing??
Simple Plan
i lovee them, i hope you have fun
Thank you! I loved them when I was a teenager and randomly won tickets, I couldn't pass this up!
How could that happen to you?
Hope you had fun!!
It gets less weird once you go to a few shows alone
People should stop breeding dogs and cats for cuteness alone.
Pugs are ugly anyway i really dont get the hype
People breed dogs and cats??? 🙀
Give me a song you like and I'll rate it !
Disturbed’s cover of Hello Darkness My Old Friend.
I got a raise and then my rent went up. Anyone ever feel like you never get ahead?
Ur rent is 75 dollars a month? What the fuck.. mine is 775 a month for a one bedrrom apartment
I got called young man today
There's no need to feel down
I said *YOUNG MAN*
Pick yourself off the ground!
I said ***YOUNG MAN***
‘Cause you’re in a new town
theres no NEED
 'cause you're in a new town
There's no need to be unhappy!
Y
M
Trans people never cease to constantly confuse the fuck out of me
Handled my first on-job emergency as an air traffic controller
You guys do an amazing and stressful job that is under appreciated. Well done
I’m going to college baby!!!
Congratulations!! Have you picked a major/minor yet?
Remember when you used to be able to play YouTube on your phone with the screen locked (e.g. music), and then they took that feature away and tried to sell it back to us?
use vanced, bro
Will look into it. TY
since you are on iOS, head to ignition.fun, download Cercube Youtube and have fun
How do you even download that??
just press download?
r/technicallythetruth
I really wish there was a IOS version :( I’ve heard a lot of good things about it
Make your next phone an android, you won't regret it
I regretted it
Not with a Samsung 
The note is the shit
Desktop view.
I just don't go to YouTube for music anymore.
After being jobless for over 6 months, finally received a job offer and contract today!
Congrats, lost my job yesterday so I know where you were.
Congratulations, that's so exciting! Best of luck goes to you!!
Wow congrats, I’ve been jobless for about 16 years and the struggle is real
How does that work? 16 years, I suspect you're jobless by choice.
3:38 and can't sleep - What is something you have recently done and are proud of? (No matter how small or big)
Hello fellow Western European.
Hello there ;p
I wrote a novel.
Good job, here's to the first of many!
Making myself not to text to my favourite person ,he doesn't even ask how I am ,it sucks
Shout out to the people who are improving themselves but have no one to share their progress with
There is a flower within each of us. 🌺
I kinda set my Dad up with my third grade teacher...
I hope I encounter something like that in the future. That’s so crazy haha.
me too u/biggotits, me too
Put me on the screenshot 👉🏻👈🏻
Red 5 standing by
That sounds great. I wish i could get a woman like that to marry. ☺
Do you still call her Ms. A?
No, she’s mom now.
Great story! Six sisters? They've had 6 daughters?
So he’s twice her age?
I’m 43 and just had my best date since I was 20 years old
Good for you! You deserve to be happy too
I second the adorable comment, this is super cute. Happy for you!
lol that sounds awesome! is there a second date in the horizons?
Yep! We are both off work Friday and plan to make a day together.
Congrats, she older than both of your kids?
That's so nice! How yare you feeling today?
Did you slip a cheeky finger in?
Lonely people.
I'd say it has a little bit.
Significantly. I'd be shut-in but for this.
Its nice to have some kind of interactions.
Sure is. All kinds in these parts..
I had someone told me to go F myself. That hurt.
It's just a way to grow a thicker skin and more discernment. Go f yourself is mild stuff..
Ahh.. I see.. gotta start growing thicker skins. Lol.
Keep your sweetness, but know that roughness is the way of the world.
What are your top 3 favorite colors?
Black, green, gray
I see you're a man of culture.
Umm woman but yes of course lol
Pink, purple, blue
Red, black and yellow
Yellow, blue, red. They are all classic colors.
oh yellow, what a unique choice.
Green, red and blue. All deep shades and muted tones
Black black and black
I especially love how the black matches with the black creating a dark black aura.
There's nothing like a dark black aura. Black already is the darkest thing there is.
then you'll love vantablack. so black it turns 3D objects into 2D object.
Holy shit, it absorbs 99.965% of visible light. How did you came to know such a thing?
If anyone in PA finds an ass on their morning travels....it's mine. It froze off this morning. Will retrieve on my way back.
I live in NH and it was about 6 degrees with a wind chill of minus 2. Froze my tits right off.
Grab them on your way back.....lol
It's 3AM, What are you people up to?
My brain is on fire, it's nearly 1am for me, sleep doesn't seem too likely.
You were here since day 1? June of 2014? Really????
Meant day 1 of me joining reddit whoops lol
Watching YouTube at 8:25!
What channels do you follow?
Almost got sent home from work today for not wearing a bra...except I was wearing a bra like I do every day
Get her in trouble for sexism becouse she doesn't send men hope for erect nipples?
Heard my wife having a conversation in English
You sound like an amzing person. I smiled while reading this, thanks!
I think i am! Hehe
It makes me smile that i made someone else smile!
Greetings! :)
Oh shit, I'm smiling too now.
Its infectious!
I got the smile :)
good teamwork everyone we're all smiling!
:]
C:
Ma says it's my turn with the smile!
17f - I am the Daughter of a Millionaire, and have my own Bodyguard
Do you find that people treat you differently once they know about the money in the family?
What did you get as gifts for your 16th birthday?
A new phone, and a dress for my parents silver wedding :)
Is there someone in your life similar to Mr. Van Dough from Richie Rich?
Don't know who or what that is :D
He was a colleague of Richie’s dad that’s always trying to steal the business away lol
What do you stress about if its not about financing the rest of your life?
Boys, mostly :P
Well, andy anything else existing. Because anxiousness.
i don’t have school today!
Lucky you. Here in Australia we've got hundreds of schools closed due to bushfires.
oh yeah, I read about it and saw pictures. Looks terrifying, I hope you're okay there buddy.
Ottawa buddy?
I'm not your buddy, pal
I'm not your pal, bro
Hey Bro, I’m your pal, ok buddy?
Same down here in Israel..
Except it's because we are being bombarded by the Jihad and Hamas.
Out of interest, in what state/country do you live in?
michigan, US.
Here in Texas, we don’t get any snow anymore :(
damn is it hot over there?
No, actually it’s very cold. It’s just never cold enough to snow.
ahh i see, i personally like a bit of cold but too much is ew
Yeah, I like it when it’s a bit chilly. I don’t like to get frostbite though lol
OP I'm right across the lake from you, terrible weather today huh?
YES BRO. 13F here :(((
I also don't have school today! We guys are being shot at with rockets by terrorists !
I go to a school with transit buses so I had to go :/lucky you though
Every school within 300 miles of me is closed, except for the one i go to
Alaska weather here has been crazy. We usually have snow. An have none yet
yeah someone else that lives in Alaska told me, how though lmao
I really wish it would snow though lol
i like snow, just not *this* much.
Well I mean you're welcomed to send some this way 😊
i’ll mail you some
Make sure to use dry ice for it not to melt lol
It's Nov 12th.
snowstorm started yesterday.
And?
that’s why i said nov 11th in the description
I woke up tired as fuck. Guess who’s gonna be late to class.
hey man it’s ok, feel better!
Here in Canada we have more snow and nobody’s school was cancelled. Fuck you school.
HI GONNA GO SLEEP IM DAD
Are u in Buffalo?
We got a snow day too. Where do you live where you already have 10-15 inches?
michigan US
We also got a lot of snow but still had to go to school :(
I didn't go to school today because of missiles
Holy noodles where do you live?
Where do you live that 10-15 inches is a lot of snow
michigan
Huh
Northern indie (US). No school today either. What about you OP?
ONE YEAR SMOKE FREE WITH ZERO CRAVINGS!!
That’s awesome!
I was just fired..
Why not sue them for wrongful termination ?
Its not considered wrongful termination where i live, unfortunately
What country ?
I really enjoy having casual crushes on people.
I cannot relate to your post but I love your handle/your “music” lol
A realisation that I love my body
True - as a teenager you often just compare yourself without really appreciating yourself
Yeah, such a toxic phase of life for me lol
Most girls have bigger boobs than me. But seeing as I'm a guy that's probably a good thing.
Today I made friends with an entitled boomer
An entitled boomer told me to kill my self today
What is your favorite show of all time and why?
Peep show. Best of British comedy.
I gotta disagree on HIMYM. I loved it until the last season, way too depressing at the end
What are you listening to right now (Music) ?
I was listening to Led Zeppelin, now I am listening to the Ramones
right now, The Less I Know The Better by Tame Impala.
How happy are you in your relationship?
I don’t have a relationship chief I’m trying tho
I didn’t think it would happen but my 98 y/o great grandma (watches the office) now understands why Michael Scott says “what’s what she said” and uses it all the time now! LOL
Absolutely hilarious!  Love it 😂
that’s what she said
What what?
The grandmother saga continues! I love reading about her.
Tell your great grandma that I love her
Am I the only person having songs playing in her head 95% of the time with no way of silencing it?
I think this is pretty normal.
I have a song in my head ALL the time if I don’t take my ADHD meds!!
Is it ALWAYS the same song?
I don’t have that happen to me.
I caught my dad today!
When you are a dad , you catch your kids. Then one day they grow up to catch you. :-)
That’s a beautiful way to put it. I was probably dropped as a child though :P weee
So glad you were there!
Someone give this man a 🏅
🏅
🌟
They don’t call ladders “widow makers” for nothin’.
You saved him from a bad injury! By the way, 5'9 is a tall man in my book (my father's 5'9).
How my husband and I fail at being adults...
Bath towels = wants.  Pokemon plushies=needs
My brother regained feeling in his legs after being paralyzed and I’m just overwhelmed.
A firearm is always loaded. Always.
Also, kids are kids. Don't let them get at firearms.
Bro's getting his dick back. Nice.
His dick probably still works
Source: am a paraplegic and came inside my gf tonight
Thats amazing! This must be very emotional for you both
What is a skill you have always wanted to learn?
Piano but it takes too much time to practice so decided it wasn't worth it
I want to learn to play the piano too!
Homeless man
You're a wonderful person
I recently stopped caring about the way I look. It's so freeing.
Oof that post history.. well at least we know youre ugly on the inside too
I wore a plain white t-shirt to the park today!
that's not dumb! that's so awesome!!! congrats!! how exciting! and what a huge first step!
Wow sounds like two accomplishments here... you’re actually attempting to read Moby Dick? Haha 😉
Was also thinking that. Damn lol.
My Great Grandmother thinks The Office is a reality show and the characters are real people and she LOVES it!!
...........why DIDN’T he make a robot, though?!?!
Please tell me you plan on showing her Parks and Rec once she finishes The Office.
HAHA great minds think alike! That was exactly my plan!
Your grandmother is seriously delusional.
This made me smile and tear up at the same time.
I love your great grandmother. Lol
Tony Stark dies?!!
I woke up this morning and decided I needed my own place. My rent application just got accepted and I'm putting down a security deposit tomorrow.
When I move out I'll remember to also say shiggity diggity do
Second
800 rent? Oof. But I'm happy for you friend. I hope to be doing the same come January
I'm a fellow machinist! What do you make and what machines? Congrats on your life change btw.
I run Okuma lathes, we make hydraulic parts.
Nice! I bet there's a lot of pressure in that industry!
I felt so dumb
LOL. I do this sometimes too.
What's that one food you hate but everyone seems to like it?
You hate BACON?! 😱
I hate ketchup.
NOOOOOOOOO!! I love ketchup, but you know what’s better than that? Mustard.
I do like mustard.
You have a favourite type?
For me, I can't stand anything mint flavoured! It seems like it's in almost everything tho
Mint flavored ice cream is an abomination. It's like eating cold tooth paste.
Mint is such an underrated spice for food.
I love anything mint.
nutella
Pineapples, I don't like the aftertaste
Yeah! And the way it gives your tongue that scaly I dunno texture makes it even worse
Egg yolks.  Egg freaking yolks.  I leave it out when I eat my eggs.
I love eggs, but the yolk has to be ROCK HARD. Any slight softness to it and i'll heave
Onions, in any form anywhere. Can't handle them.
Blue (bleu) cheese
Watermelon. Everyone else loves it. I can’t stand it.
What is it about it that you take issue?
Fucking olives, man.
I love fucking olives
Bananas. They just have a weird texture that I don't like.
My life has done a positive 180
Awesome! What kind of hobbies have you picked up? :D
I started playing guitar and airsoft. Probably home improvement too once I move in😬
Hey! I got into airsoft last year. Love it
Can I ask your age? You can answer with an interval or by pm if you prefer :)
I'm 21. I was lucky with my choice in trade and found a stable and well paying job.
Show me your friends and I will show you your future.
I have no friends...
How tho
A stranger said I was pretty
Would you go out with him for a coffee if he ask you out?
I just want you to know i love your username lmao
Eww, that's weird. Lock your door and close your curtains girl.
What a queer. I need to leave Reddit asap. This place has become to much.
*too
Letters I received daily, for a full year
This made me smile. Thank you for sharing
Am i the only one sick of these boomer/zoomer/millenial/etc denominations?
okay boomer
Are doomers those of us who grew up playing the original Doom?
Who knows at this point... If it is, I'm definitely a doomer. And a zeldoomee probably :)
Ok boomer.
Eh, I kinda find the whole ok boomer joke funny
Fair enough brother. To each their one :)
Own? Have I been saying it wrong?
I think that was an autocorrect error, but to each their home.
To reach their bone.
To each their clone.
To each their loan.
To each their phone
To impeach their drone
To impeach the clown
To breach their throne
To each their blown
Fox News. Your post is going to be on the news tonight. It'll be called Namer-Gate
Can you use my good picture on the article? Thank you.
I turned 40 this year (born 1979) what is my denomination that I need to rebel with?
Ok Boomhower
Wow, I like this one! :)
I was born in 94. What am I?
HAS ANYONE TOLD OP WHAT A COOMER IS YET?
My kids went and vaccinated themselves
That reminds me...I have to get my flu shot soon! Your kids are more on top it if than I am LOL
I'd be proud too!  What smart kids!  No doubt, this is to your credit.  Good job!
Bruh no cap these kids different 😎😎👆. That's some extra shit fr bro 💪🏽💪🏽🏥🏥
Shouldn't it be the opposite?
What group is younger than millennials?
Gen X I think
Millennials are 23-38 years old.
We don’t do that here
What did he say
Anyone else thought this was going to be about an antivaxxer mom? Because I sure did
Yeah, I came in ready to fight.
I had my pitchfork ready too...
*slowly puts down pitchfork*
Let me see if this is real for you r/antivaxx
TIL that the pharmacy will call parents to authorize immunizations for minors.
Shit, that reminds me that I need to get mine. I can NOT afford to get the flu this year.
the flu sucks
Well they were hardly going to allow it not to get it done! Autistic kids thrive on a schedule!
Troll?
This is the fakest shit I have seen in a while
Wow you hate them
Proud and unresponsible parent.
Vaccines are for the weakest links in society.
I got a job at golden corral and I left after only 3 weeks. Today was my last day. No other job has made me feel as appreciated as this one
And you're leaving all that for *best buy*??
Sorry I’m from Australia, and I’m assuming it’s American, but what is Golden Corral?
I secretly paid for a dine and dasher, but got revealed instantly
That’s freaking cool. Big up
Waiter didn't say anything to me. He just smiled knowingly when he took my check.
He’s not the hero we need, but he’s the hero we deserve.
He's actually the hero we need but do not deserve, as the guy that didn't pay shows
Not clear to me why you would do that, and anonymously at that?
Just curious....what does someone who doesnt have a wallet look like?
A t-shirt and track pants with no/small pockets
Running shorts and a t-shirt. No pockets.
Would you like a cookie?
Was the dine and dasher Michael Scott?
Agent Michael Scarn.
Damn did they call the cops on you?
For paying someone's bill? No.
It was a joke lol
You said they looked at security footage and you were busted, hence joke
I'm so sorry for missing the joke. Whoosh.
You're a good person
Salman Khan from Khan Academy should receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom within his lifetime
How in the fuck did Ellen get an award what the fuck
Wow right up till now didn't knew, Khan academy was founded by salman Khan...
Today's a pretty good day! Who wants some Gold?
Always great to be in a good mood!
Heck yeah, Tactical Man!
Thank you very much, I thought this was a joke at first. I'm in a good mood too!
Haha no jokes. Enjoy!
My favorite book us the Ocean at the End of the Lane by Neil Gaiman. Fantastic read
Wow. The title alone sounds interesting. I may have to look that up!
Np if I don't get anything, nice to know that you're having a great day. :)
Unfortunately I've run out of Reddit Currency. Sorry, friend! How's your day going?
Really np, had a great day. How was your day? Anything interesting Happened?
Well it's no huge news, but I got a much needed haircut today!
I made it through the week without a single thought that triggers my anxiety!!!
Give me some of that energy lol
I think more guys have to realize, that traits as a grown beard or muscular body are more important for male-male interactions, than to attract women. It will help them to be more confident with their body.
I just want to look like Gandalf when I get older
I'm a woman, and same
Mm idk, i dont care how others want my body, but i want it masculan..soo thats what im gonna do
As someone who posts, with very limited success to male nudity subs.. I beg to differ!
I just got hired at kfc
Congratulations dude. Now STEAL THE SECRET BLEND OF HERBS AND SPICES!
Great Job!
Damn 10 dollars an hour, here in Canada minimum wage is 14
What's minimum wage in your state? It's $12 an hour where I live.
Anyone interested in a chat?
What kind of books do you like? Favourite book?
The Harry Potter series; classic. And I like Dan Brown too. I've read all of his books.
My favourite book is The Catcher in the Rye. I haven't read any harry potter books nor dan brown
I've heard of it. What's it about?
Basically a teenager drops out of school and decides to spend some days in NYC
Sounds nice. What else do you like?
Everyone seems to agree that Facebook is terrible. Yet they all still keep accounts. Reddit... Why do you still have a Facebook account?
At this point, mainly for the marketplace.
What you buying out there?
My son didnt choose a recognizable costume and it broke his heart. He entered a costume contest and no one clapped. He was so proud and came home feeling defeated.
Turnip head from Howl's Moving Castle?
Yes! And he was so excited about it. He said this is going to be my best costume yet.
Is he turnip from howl's moving castle?
Yes he is!
I’m sorry that happened :( I’m glad Reddit recognizes it’s though!
He looks great.
I went as the dread pirate Wesley. No one had any idea who I was.
Moving castle?
I get you little man , I went to a costume event as Bob Dylan
Who the fuck is that?  Am i too young too old or just uncultured?
Depends on your age? 
Turnip Head from Howl's Moving Castle
I originally thought the Pringles Man...
Turnip Head! I love it! He seems like a stand up kid!
My daughter's thrift store Joker costume, I think we nailed it.
Only red jacket and red pants in the store and they both fit her
This is *very* fortuitous.
Did your daughter see this movie?
Yes and loves it
Yo am i color blind cause i thought she and the joker were both wearing purple?
Different Joker. This is Joaquin Phoenix Joker.
is it just me who sees the jojo
*WRRYYYYYYYYYYYY*
She's not sure whether she wants to do the Dio or Joker pose
By her watching that movie, she is now going to go on a mass shooting spree, thanks! /s
Girl I saved from suicide texted and said she's pregnant.
Wow. Saved a life and another came from it.
Op saved 2 lives.
Not gonna lie , I didn't expect a positive outcome when I saw that title
Be honest how scared were you when a random girl texted you she was pregnant?
OP is female
Yeah but is it yours....
Probably not, since OP is a girl
One man came in another man comes out in 9 months. - Elis wife from Rick and Morty
OP does a pro-gamer move and saves an entire family tree. *You're* breathtaking!
I feel like that's worse?
Happy Halloween everyone!!
Does it smell in that pumpkin?
iPhone 4 or 4s? I’m guessing it’s a 4s since the image is pretty nice
You win for the Sexiest costume
Son, you got a punkin on yo'head...
There goes my hero
MGG is my hero too
Today is my birthday, &amp; I gave myself a Birthday card and thought why the heck not? I’m happy. I haven’t received a birthday greeting card so here I am. What about you guys? What’s the usual things you haven’t experienced on your day? (Borrowed the format of the card from a Redditor-with permission)
Peace was never an option
I’m sorry to hear that. I really am.
I’m also sorry to hear that, I really am.
Happy birthday, hope you get some nice cards
It's my 30th birthday today. Happy Halloween.
Appy Birthday!
So it's pizza tonight (going by your username 😂)
Happy Birthday!!!!!!🤩🤩🤩
HONK
I love the game
Happy Biiirthday
I bought a pumpkin for £20 and made it into a huge Cheshire Cat! He’s beautiful and I love him
This is kickass! Looks great
You gotta dress up as Alice or the Mad hatter now... or even the Queen of Hearts ♥️
Given that it‘s orange it could also double as demonic Garfield
I absolutely never considered making it into a Garfield pumpkin. I feel so stupid now!!!
Give it stripes and then post it on r/imsorryjon
You have good taste in music :)
THANK YOU!!!
One of my favorite albums of all time. Early blink is soooo good
Did you post in r/halloween? Saw something like this in there earlier today. Amazing pumpkin!!
Why does this picture looks like it’s been taken in 1994?
Not gonna lie lady, you look stunning
Imagine being this lonely and pathetic on Reddit lmao
Imagine using “lmao” on reddit
It's your happy face that makes this even better!
PHOTOSHOPPED. Enjoy your karma CHEATER :p
I'd smash.
You look like you speak British.
Very few people utilize the pumpkin anus. 
Well done, 5/5 Stars.
Listen, I know this isn’t a roast me but - it looks like you.
So cool awesome job
Autism at work
You look identical to someone who I used to know it’s crazy.
What if... I’m the person you used to know
What if...
What...... if......
I don’t think you are but if you’re not it’s scary how much you look a like
What’s the name of my mystery look a like? JUST in case!
Lucy
Well damn I’m Lucy. Who are you?!
Knew it
Or at least give me a clue!
I, a human male, received a compliment from a stranger
Hey thats awesome! Might be worth asking her out!
YES I'M ALSO A HUMAN WHO DOES HUMAN THINGS
A compliment doesn't always mean they like you, could just mean they want your money
Lol I call BS 
Congrats on the compliment sir
That's exactly what a non-human would say
Good morning reddit. What are your plans for the day?
Working, 5:15 until 13:08; maybe overtime after that.
Got chicken thawing out for dinner...
Those are some very specific times, may I ask what you do for work?
Work really. Don’t go in for 4 hours but I have trouble sleeping and it is keeping me up
It's evening here so I plan to go to bed. Had a good day though...
Have a good sleep
I bought a Lego Millenium Falcon and today I am going to assemble it. Couldn't be happier
I'm going to quit my job today.
Have you for something else lined up?
I do. It's just time for me to go.
Cheshire Cat pumpkin carving. First time shaving a pumpkin, came out pretty good :)
That looks amazing! How long did it take you?
Mm maybe an hour and a half.. the shaving took the most part
How does one best shave off the shell ?
Do you eat your pumpkins with or without the shell
Boneless...
Boneless would mean seedless, unless you keep your bones on the surface of your body
How do u get a picture on casual conversation
I was fired from my job in March. I have an incredibly promising interview tomorrow morning.
I love your attitude. Here’s to hoping you land the job!!
Hear hear! Thank you!
Hey! And let us know if you get this or not, ok? Keep us updated.
Absolutely I will.
Great! Good luck again!
What gives you that feeling overwhelming feeling of happiness and peace?
Tea in the morning also going to sleep with my electric blanket
Yooo electric blankets, that's what I'm talking about. Nothing better than being warm and cozy
Currently no power where I live and I can’t use my blanket unless I hook it up to a generator.
Oh man, where do you live?
I made this! It's the most difficult carving I've ever done
Borderlands psycho?? 
That’s pretty awesome!
Really? I thought it was a cp from Half-Life 2.
What kind of tools do you use for this? I’ve always wondered how this is done
Borderlands psycho, nice! What character did you pick for BL3?
I picked Zane originally, then Amara for my second play through. I'm loving Amara
Nice! I love Amara. I went with her first and I'm thinking of starting a Zane next myself.
I saved someone's life this morning...
Things always happen for a reason!! Thank you for stopping!!
Wow I didn’t know high schoolers could drive!
I myself am a high schooler.
Guess ill just hang out here and freeze to death
Lol fake story.
Today could possibly change the rest of my life.
Thanks everyone!
Let us know how it went.
Tell us how it went okay?
How did the interview go?
I hope you will get the job!
Hey how's it going? Did you make it?
The 2010’s are ENDING?!?
Man, these transitions just feel blasé when you remember a millennium change. 
...I feel old.
I was born 4 months before the millenium change, I remember it like any baby would
Yupp we are soon living in the twenties
time for another economic collapse
This is what I'm looking forward to!
I'm gonna buy the fuck out of that dip
Time to prepare for war! One decade away
Yeah, I know how ya feel. I could probably count all my memories from 2000's on my fingers...
If you say 10 years ago I still think you mean '98 man, it's insane how fast time flies
# woah a decade passed and i still want to die
Let's never talk about 2016.
No no no,  I'm pretty sure it's still 2012.
But remember how the 20s ended?
Yeah its crazy, im gonna miss the 2010s
I'm not. The 2010's were pretty rough for me. Lotta good personal development tho
Brown eyes are underrated
This is a fucking boost and a half thanks man
Purple eyes? lulz 
But ok I can get into brown eye appreciation, all right.
I had blue eyes for about 2 weeks when I was born but love my deep brown eyes and thank you
Everyone has blue eyes when being born, not just you, bud. Lol.
I've decided to stop smoking weed permanently.
I don't think that has to do with weed, it sounds like you were in a deep sleep.
You're cool
A girl at work called me cute
That's adorable!
Glad you felt appreciated and happy op. Have a great day :)
Go for it man, life’s short! What’s her name?
I wish I could say but I don't feel comfortable sharing, sorry.
Updates?
She's left me on read rn. Will update you when i work again on thursday
I’m pregnant!
Congratulation! I wish you the best of luck :)
Hi Pregnant, i'm dad
Sugar Drinks Make Me Sick Now
r/hydrohomies
Is this less slut version of r/waterslut?
I'm getting on a public bus alone for the first time tomorrow :D
Bring headphones if that wasn’t obvious already
How old are old people to you?
Which country do live in OP?
England lmao
Did you thank the bus driver on your way out?
Happy Diwali to everyone!
desi gang :)
we call it tihar over here but the same. greeting to you too
Oh really? Where are you from if you don't mind me asking?
Happy Diwali
I just came out to my boyfriend and he wasn’t mad!!
&gt; “Oh yeah I’ve known for a while now I could tell haha” 
Hol up
/r/bisexual welcomes you. We have lemon bars, bad posture, and *lots* of support!
Hey,
Just a reminder to be nice and don't be creepy. 
Oh no...what have people been saying???
Take a guess lol
I love your user flair lol
hah, why.
I mean, you’re putting out there that you made the sub while also kind of being funny about it.
you should give yourself a flair
Oh! I thought that I didn’t have control over it in this sub, okay, I’ll add one
Not very many people have them, but yay I gave myself one
Muahahaha
What's so funny
I copied your flair
But that's illegal
Hey, stop arguing with me. Don't you know that I made this subreddit? It says it right there.
I kinda hope my girl comes out to me now....lmao
Stepping out of my comfort zone... going to a party all alone and I'm excited AF
You are going to have an awesome time!
I would love to hear how it went, you must let us know!
I’m going to a party alone tonight too! Sending you good vibes!
How did it go
How long does it usually take for partying?
I updated. ;)
good for you. whether you had fun or not, at least you were brave!
I put an end to my addiction to heroin 1 month and 16 days ago!
Never look back!  Congrats for getting over a month!!!
Congratulations! You're so strong. I hope one day I can achieve the same goal as you.
How are they so strong?  They're a junkie seeking validation on Reddit.
The Problem with Immortality
This was freaking cool to think about
The manga &gt;!Fire Punch 👊!&lt; has this as the plot and even ends the same way, prety cool 😎
How did you do that?
\&gt;!spoiler!&lt; 👍
This was fucking awesome
Nice username
I would try to research The cure of death and maybe i wont be the only inmortal here.
I see you have also read hitchhikers guide
Holy shit, that was quite the ride
Sir, this is a Wendy's.
Can I get uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh
Frosty and baked potato
Beautiful,thanks for sharing!
Eventually, Kars stopped thinking.
I scrolled down for too long trying to find the JoJo reference lol
This should be published as a book.
Just do what the ultimate life form did in JoJo shut down your mind
What would 1$ with 5% compound interest be over 1000 years?
Yep, exactly why immortality is fuckin dumb. Only an idiot would want to live forever
I work with a doctor who is wild about sweets and loves food (healthily). I think I found out why tonight and it nearly made me shed a tear.
I told a girl I could see her underwear through her leggings
Thanks for being awesome!
A good samaritan you are!!
I want to savor my Cake with all of you ... Describe the best dessert that you have ever had
Haagen dazs salted caramel ice cream bars.
Sweet heaven.
I've reached my goal weight of 112pounds !!
Congrats! how did you do it?
Just counting calories and exorcizing, the good old fashioned way :)
Good on you! Didn't realize beating ghosts/demons away was the key ;)
Oh hahahaha I am awful at spelling, but yes I must say it works up a sweat 😉
how tall are you?
5'4 🌱
I’m 5’3” and my healthy range from a doctor told me it’s 125-130 
110 seems like anorexia
Best hug I've had in years.
Omg this made me tear up 😭 So beautiful
Me too. I got to my room and let's just say I had to clean my glasses a few times.
You made someone's day. Good on you, Johnny-Holiday.
Thank you. It was a wake-up call that reminds me how much I have benefitted from kindness.
Tell Alvin I have $80 and would love a pure, heart-felt hug from him.
Alvin should become a hug whore and charge $80 per hug
I am an independent musician. I have been working on making a premiere album for a year and a half. I am disabled and don't get out and had no idea if people would like my music or not. Sixteen hours later 600 people had listened to it! =))))))
Really liked the song. Hope I can hear you on Spotify
Give me like an hour or so.
Is this available of Apple music?
It will be available on Apple Music in 3-5 business days, sorry for the inconvenience!
Feel free to sing to me for the rest of your life, thanks.
That's really awesome! Best of luck
I love the fact that you take time to thank everyone personally!
Do you play left handed or right handed guitar?
I play lefty...
Jesus Christ man this is some good shit
I love it - you have a great sound. Please keep making more music!
What great music! Reminds me of a band named Kuricoder quartet with the smoothing mellow sounds
This 100% needs to be in a Wes Anderson sound track.
Aw your music and voice are absolutely amazing ❤️
Thank you so much for the kind words and support! &lt;3
your music is beautiful and intimate .. gets right into the heart.
Sending fatherly virtual hug your way, you deserve it! (An open letter)
Thank you for the positive vibes!
I feel slightly better, thank you!
Thank you.  I just got out of the hospital and this is the first post I saw.
You made me cry.
As my dad almost attempted to kill me once, I could definitely use that hug.
Oh my lord that's awful! Here's a hug from me too!
someone please talk to me
How's your penis?
non existent wbu
Exists but disappointing
i pay my respects
I acknowledge your respects and return my own due to your own lack
thank you that is appreciated
We are all on the same side fellow human
who said i’m human?
That guy over there
i can’t see him
Yeah that keeps happening.
oh. should i be worried?
Only if random men disappearing from your proximity is usually a problem
is it a problem for you?
tf
How's yours?
I'm 14 lol
Does anyone else like the melancholic feel of dreary, rainy days?
Everything you just said my good sir.
Are you spying on me because it's raining where i live?
I assume you live in the Toronto area as we got our first big rainy day in a while today
My conservative Christian parents thought I was a closeted lesbian during my 20s because I rarely dated.
please. don't ruin this sub.
My country (Lebanon) is days into an ongoing revolution and reddit doesn't seem to notice at all
It won't get noticed until a celebrity says something
What do you want us to do? We can meme like crazy but thats about it.
ngl never heard of your country before.. or seen the flag, sorry
I’m a single dad and my son (3) slept in his own bed for the whole night over the weekend. I’m feeling mixed emotions over it.
I feel you :) 
Don’t worry Daddy, he needs you still.
Definitely be happy. A three year old should be sleeping in his own bed.
This is my first tornado, please keep me and my cats company
Twisty air
Angry, twisty air.
Fair what rating is it
They have ratings!?
Yeah f1-f5
ef-2? D: what does that mean?
My b.  Old website. Tornadoes aren't a commom thing here I guess. It's an ef3. Is this bad?
An ef3 is one of the dangerous ones. That and above are the most dangerous type.
Oh. Fantastic!
Yeeeppp
How’s the kitties?
How has your day been?
My day has been pretty lazy, thanks for asking!
Sounds like a great Sunday. Did you start the day with “The Lazy Song” then?
Nope, too lazy to turn it on.
👏ALL AGES👏will be getting candy this Halloween.
I go to the Halloween parade and get candy they are throwing off the floats. I'm a
39.
My short film script is currently being read by an A-list actor and I don't know what to do with my hands and I'm sweating.
Keanu reeves ?
I ain't here to do a blind item, tbh. I'm afraid of jinxing it. But nah.
That’s awesome!! I know I’m an internet stranger but I’m proud of you :)
This is so exciting even for me to read! Please give updates! :D
It was Jeremy Irons :)
He said no :(
Saw two guys friendship end at the dog park
i had this happen too but it was at a daycare
*person kicks my dog* 
*I shank that person*
I'm a simple man.
You cant just kick a dog and expect people to be okay with that lmao
UNLESS YOURE DIO. DANNY!
I mean, dogs aren't even allowed in the dog park.
Poor pitbull. Do that in our country and you'll get kicked too.
I have a personal downvoter and it makes me feel less alone
That’s actually hilarious
Would you feel better if I downvoted you too?
You'd be willing to do that for me?! You're too sweet
Now I don't know if I should downvote your answer too :(
Give it a whirl, just for fun
No you are too nice! I can't!
That’s honestly beautiful in its own way.
Could be your name? Lmao
Lol and do you have any idea who this could be?
You?! My new best friend?!
If you want I'll be your personal upvoter, something I can atleast be good at in life hah
Plot twist: he downvotes himself
She* downvotes her*self
*it downvotes it*self
I love your username, OP!
Thats a really sweet way of looking at it, u/YoureARealCunt
Now you have two
Can I ask why? I'd like to understand
Now you have three
Thank you 😘
Just realized how many obese people are living in the U.S.
Where did you go in Europe? (just curious)
Portugal, Spain, Italy, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, Slovakia, Budapest, Prague, Denmark
Surprised you skipped Croatia!
Ironically, americans don't have free healthcare.
Cause they're scrawny European.
By scrawny you mean not obese
I got into medical school!
It only gets worse from here😂 But congrats
Oh, I know. I’m taking it one step at a time 😅
How old r u and where is ur school?
Congratulations! What sort of medicine are you looking to practice?
Obstetrics/Gynecology, Family Medicine or Psychiatry. I haven’t narrowed it down yet, lol.
A nap sounds great. Go have a good meal tonight and a glass of something to celebrate!
whats the steps of getting into medical school? can one apply with a degree in Nutrition?
You are a da bomb. Which one?
Congratulation...med school must be hard to get it,but don’t forget to work hard
Congratulations. Well Done. All The Very Best For Your Future. 🎉 🍹😀 👍🏽
Please inform your process.  I want to be a doctor but do not know how to do so. Congrats!!
Recently got into gaming and need some suggestions.
An excellent single player game I’d recommend is Red Dead 2 honestly 10/10 game
Is that PC or PS4?
pub g
You could play some Csgo on steam, it's free and we could play together and you can carry ne
me carry you?! LOL
r/CasualConversation has turned into a place for people to seek validation for their everyday achievements
Congrats on your findings
Thank you, I aim to share my thesis with the International Reddit Academy of Kind-Of Science
The country is on the brink of war and I'm stuck in Uni with very limited food. Keep me company.
So, you like music?
What's going on? War with who?
Op you still good?
My girlfriend and I found out she’s 7 weeks pregnant, and I’m so excited to make dad jokes
Let's find out how good of a dad you'll be, tell me a joke. Come on, I'm ready :)
Get a torque wrench too! I heard a dad roast another dad at a BBQ, for not having one.
My account was “flagged for suspicious activity” for 3 months and now I’m upvoting anything I see.
Opinion on spaghetti
A little controversial. I love it but particularly with angel hair and just doused in hot sauce
Personally I think it's overrated
False
I only like the meatballs. What's so special about the sauce?
Sauce is very important to spaghetti
I know but I don't even like the sauce. It's just tomato what's so special about it?
There’s more than just tomato sauce. Also really complements the starchiness of the noodles.
What’s your favorite color?
Green all day fam, you?
I’m extremely happy for you and did I mention I am moist and creamy?
Tanks and planks.
Spanks and thanks
Banks and cranks
I’m going to a pub today for some yummy food and drinks :)
Tell me a joke!
I got a 98 on a tough midterm!!!
Congratulations!! I'm proud of you! Was 100 the highscore?
Dang, I got a 78 on an easy midterm
I got 78 as well what’s coincidence
I got a 78 on two easy midterms. This is getting weird
Damn I failed out of college after getting arrested
Wanna give us a life story?
I’ve noticed two types of quiet people.
I feel like you describe me in that first part.  lol.  I think you are spot on Sherlock :)
She called me “You’re like my son”, and it hit me
To be honest, I thought this said, “she called me “you’re like my son” and hit me”. Lol
Kinky
All he needs now is to break his arms...
Wait, you’re giving me porn imagery here ...
Careful, you're summoning he who shall not be named
Too late
So you don't have any special feelings about her?
define special\~
Most sweat is bitter.
Fixed!
Mmmm bitter sweat
Bitter-sweet* not bitter-sweat
Hit me up.. bored as all get out
Always wondered what a triangle smells like....
Haha... smells like purple
Ooh, my favourite!  Pity you can’t taste the shapes though.
Why do you use an ellipsis in every other fuckin sentence, just use a period.
I got a 99/100 on a test!!!
Nerd.
Only joking, well done, you should be very proud.
i just made my middle school bully’s day, it felt great.
You are a great human being. Thanks for putting that kinda energy out in this world.
A 13 year old asked me if I was a bodybuilder and it made me forget my insecurities for a moment
You should become a body builder
Lmao dude kids are so pure
Lolis approaching older guys be like..
Reading this I now picture your frame and silhouette to be that of the JoJo's of Part 1 or 2.
I was woken up by my pregnant wife who was very angry and wanted to punch me in the face.
Not gonna lie, they had us in the first half
Why'd you apologize?
Surprise her with Chick fil a. Maybe she’ll feel bad and apologize.
Released from prison 1 year ago. What have I been up to?
Congrats man! That’s a lot in a year. Only thing I’ve done is know what I want for dinner lol
what'd you have?
Apple and Pepsi. Like the classy chef I am XD
are you my dad?
You're me.
Are you're me dad?!
Probably mum.
Are you saying that the food portion of your dinner consisted of a single apple?
Congratulations! What college did you get admitted to?
A University here in Arkansas.
What do you sell on Etsy?
Agreed, what are you selling?
Supplies and Gifts
Want a gold star? Seriously this is dumb. I hope you feel bad.
Nice going, congrats! What's your trading secret?
Which uni if you don't mind me asking?
Have you ever just sat down on a random morning and gotten the same feeling or felt the atmosphere exactly the same as a certain day when you were a child?
Normally when I’m reminded of my childhood it’s not a pleasant experience.
I got an 86% on my physics exam!
You defied physics
Is that really a complement... Hmmmmmmmmm...
Hey the exact same thing happened to me with math, 86% gang
Nice! I’m taking a physics exam in approximately 4 and a half hours
Eh I got A’s in every class and test I ever took, except Latin, we dont talk about Latin.
My son skipped up a grade today
Congragulations man you have all right to brag and be proud
I ran 3 miles today, that's the furthest I've ever run
Keep going! Repeat it, weekly. You’ll be amazed.
I listen to audiobooks.
Yeah, I should try to find a book or podcast on Spotify... What have you been listening to?
*farthest
Well done though. Remember to 👇 me.
So i just overheard my mom talking about how she thinks i might be a lesbian...
My dad thinks I'm gay (I'm not) due to similar reasons
What’s your low effort talent/skill?
I can fold a paper airplane with my feet
Effortlessly?!
Anybody else only eat 1-2 meals a day?
I just eat dinner
what makes you happy?
I’d watch a movie if I can find one that I want to watch, I used to take walks too.
walks are nice! i love movies too but it’s hard for me to find a good one sometimes hahaha
Do you guys ever wake up from a really good dream and become upset to realize that it wasn’t real?
I dreamed that i dropped my pen and my crush picked it up lol random but i wish it was true
We kissed. Then I woke up.
Absolutely. Just last night, actually. I was back with my ex. The love of my life.
Try obe4u. Just google it.
It just means that you’re living a sad life being unsatisfied with what you have.
I'm officially a dad!
Awesome!!  Those early years were the best lack of sleep nights from my entire life. Enjoy.
Make sure you check out r/daddit and congratulations!!
Holy bananas! Is exactly the way i'd expect a dad to start a post lol
Why should you feel guilty? It's good bonding time for you and your...what did you have anyway??
I got hired!
This isn't silly, this rocks!! I'm so happy for you!!
yeah i just got hired at milos last week, im starting training soon
Congrats! I got hired this week too, actually. I'm sure Target's an interesting place to work!
That's awesome! I just landed an interview with Target. Good luck with the job!
I’ve only recently started taking better care of my teeth.
🎉🎉🎉HAPPY CAKE DAY!!!!🎉🎉🎉
Any good tips on whitening?
I just want someone to know about my sister's weird boyfriend
Your title creeped me out
yeah, that was a bad call on my part.
Did you call by the phone?
Wholesome? I was bamboozled.
Apex anyone?
mirage main over here :)
Going to get secret married in two weeks.
Congratulations, and I hope you three will be happy together!
Five, if you count cats! Thank you! :)
How far along are u?
24 weeks and 3 days! :) Baby has hiccups right now.
Wish u the best
Something funny happened between my girlfriend and I yesterday
I’m high as shit man and this made me laugh so hard! Thanks for sharing!
In hindsight, that's pretty expected lol
The natural history museum in London has a giant sloth skeleton. Things were huge.
Today I’m 1 year sober. I feel glorious :)
Congratulations. Way to go and keep moving forward!
I AM HERE FOR THIS. ALL DAY. EVERY DAY.
WE STAN SOBRIETY.
I LOVE YOU, TOO, MAN. KEEP GOING.
Today i managed to play a full song on my guitar without a single mistake.
I am proud of you. Unforgiven is not an easy song so double respect from me.
It took you *only* 2 months? That's good enough in my book
Hahah I was doing other exercises and theory before, the song took me about 3 weeks
Congratulations man. Wanna see my weiner?
Thanks u/wannaseemyweiner, I'm alright though
That's great, now do Wonderwall.
I just did it today!
Good on you.  I haven't ever been able to do that.  I just haven't put in the commitment.
Always go to court for your ticket. Always
Quick question: are you white?
I was thinking this as well.
Just looking to make some friends!
Hello! How's your Wednesday going?
I just got a $15,000 promotion!!!!
That’s awesome congratulations!!
Congratulations. It makes me very happy to read this post.
Yeah man congrats.
Hello, 
Im your long lost anty from nigeria 
just kidding 
TL;DR please gimme a quick version
I’m going out of my way to tell you that I’m not going to give you a TL;DR
Yknow what? I don’t care if I’m a mostly straight man, this nail polish makes me feel pretty.
“Cool” is a good word for black nail polish 😃
It might be a good word for you but I don’t feel cool lol :)
Dayum now I want to feel pretty too.... let's get both our nails down! Lmao!
You go dude! You're awesome!
How about snazzy? Feel snazzy for a while.
I find out in 10 hours if I have a brain tumour
Update?
Sometimes I'm reminded why I left Reddit...
Reddit is getting to 4chan levels of toxicity.
Sometimes I forget 'male' is the default perception of you by people online.
Rule 16 of the internet.
Is bud (I believe short for buddy) actually gendered?
I think I've got an admirer
Aww how sweet!
As they always say, the way to a man's heart is through downvotes.
Well I think you’re awesome!
Brown nose
What if you're the downvoter 🤔
So I just went and gave you like 5 upvotes to help balance it out. Hope it helps!!
I also want 5 upvotes
Your wish has been granted.
Can I have 3?
Very kind
Can I have 2 please?
Bam, done.
I'd like any kind of attention
Gotchu ;)
Plot twist: it's yourself, you just haven't noticed
Hope u survive, call if u need cpr 😂😉
I'd do anything to get cpr from u bby 😘
You are the second post I read where they are being down voted .  Is this a common occurrence?
You should probably try spending less time on reddit, this is borderline paranoid ideation.
Attempting to throw others off your scent, I see.
How the heck do you respond to ‘Hows it going?’
“Living the dream, my friend” is my favorite response.
How're ya now
Good'n you
Not so bad
done.
I just won a $570 PlayStation 4 Pro at Timezone!
Are you from Singapore?Because I recognised the name of the arcade almost immediately
It's also in the Philippines! But our prizes aren't anywhere near as good as what OP won.
Also in Australia!
Midnight Hour by Jamestown Revival 
The hands that thieve - Streetlight Manifesto
Links &amp; Waves by Hurt
That song was really short. I got briefly sidetracked and then it ended. 
Billy Joel-Piano Man. Listen to it at 9 o'clock PM on a Saturday.
What are y'all doing tonight?
Spinning a couple of records and drinking gin. I need more gin. 
I feel that. I need more wine
Played some video games, now setting up characters for a DnD campaign (my first ever!!!!!) :D
What're you planning to do this weekend?
Panic shopping for things I may need when I move in just over a week.
What's drawing you to another area? 
Study, study and study. 
I have a paper on Monday, Wednesday and Thursday 
Preparing for classes that restart on Monday. I might go ice skating if I have time available.
Do you like hockey? 
What is your job title and what do you do?
Conventional transit operator; I drive city and suburban buses.
Search Engine Marketing Account Manager. Run digital advertising campaigns for clients.
Engineer, I fix stuff on boats.
Life guard. Guarding lives 
Not only is today Friday, but it is pay day! Also got a raise!!!
Cool! Congrats! My check had an extra days pay on it because of a stat holiday.
Awesome! Don't you love it when you find out you got a little extra? 
You! Especially when the check starts with a 2 instead of a 1.
That's so awesome, congrats on your raise! Here's hoping the rest of your day stays this way! :)
My Friday is also a pay day :)
HEY.  EVERONE!
/u/FireKeeper09 is buying drinks at happy hour after work tonight!
My boss has said two sentences to me in the past 4 months.
Finding Virtual Friends.
It depends. Are you looking for gamer friends?
Well yeah i would love to have some gamer friends...I'm a gamer myself.
Oh no not that song again
*Gotta get down on Friday*
Home on a Friday night, watching footy, eating chocolate chips from the bag. 
Milk or dark?
I figured out I'm gay
Alright, cool.
👌
What now?
I dunno, probably find a bf
Good job on finding out who you are :)
Whenever you feel like talking with someone hit me up
Namaste
lit! I believe I saw your username before.
Oh yea
hell yeah 
You discord
not on it 
Come on , you'll like it
which one are you on 
Which discord
There a lot of servers to choose from 
yeah but I was asking which one are you on 
Eventually though this post will be archived :(
Why :( 
That's just what happens. Posts don't stay open forever.
fuck that 
6 months from now this post along with all the comments will be archived.
So I realize that almost every single discussion I've had on this website has been serious so far... and I'm exhausted lol. If you could fill this thread with random casual topics, I would be deeply thankful. I will respond to as much as I possibly can.
 pineapple on pizza?
Ketchup on pasta?
Today my puppy came and sat on my lap and I'm so scared.
Have you posted on /r/Assistance yet?
Your puppy just wants cuddles. Don't worry and think positive for your puppy.
Please pay reddit the dog tax by sharing photos. I'm surprised there aren't photos already.
Wow thanks for reminding me, I was so overwhelmed that I completely forgot!
Can you PM me the GoFundMe link, or is it too late?
Yes I reached my goal :D but thank you anyway!!
What is one food/drink that you are craving right now?
This chocolate shake in my hand....*sluuuurp*
where did you buy said chocolate shake? (I'm a little jelly)
Sushi. But I'm always craving sushi. 
Orange chicken from Panda Express. I'll probably get some before work today.
real question, do you get it with rice or chow mein? (or boooth).
A pulled pork sandwich from this barbecue place I love to go to, that sounds sooo good rigt now 
Would kill for a well poured pint of Guinness right about now. 
Favorite open world game?
The Witcher 3
Fallout 3, I'm currently playing through New Vegas but I still love 3 (ATM).
Whats your favorite ice cream?
The last time I answered this I left about 3 people confused. It's cheese. 
Now 4
There's this cold brew coffee flavor, it's good.
What's something you can do forever and not get bored?
Study
There's more to school to grades lol
Classes suck haha
Like my friend always says don't let school get in the way of your studies
What are you studying? 
Video gaming 
Hopefully that doesn't affect school or work! 
Nah I do it after homework... most of the time
Favorite Movies....Again
Planes trains and automobiles 
great movie, both John Candy and Steve Martin were Hilarious :)
I saw Dunkerk last week and it is high up there.
it does look phenomenal 
What are you guys playing at the moment?
GTA 5. Driving around listening to Los Santos Rock Radio.
Splatoon 2. I can't stop playing 
I never want it to stop raining
Have you felt the rains down in Africa?
You can always move to the PNW
The zombie apoloclypse has started. The item on your left is your only weapon and the last person or animal you spoke to is your zombie fighting partner.
My little brown tabby and I will be fighting with an empty McDonald's bag.
You're just as screwed as I am. 
Yup.  :)
I'll face the zombies with my brother, armed with a San Antonio Spurs bucket hat.
I've got my significant other and a pair of headphones.
Fuck.
I'll be fighting with a spoon alongside my husband.
Wooden or metal? ...Hopefully not plastic...
Metal
*just me myself and i^and ^a ^roll ^of ^toilet ^paper*
Listen, if you have to go out, at least you'll go out with decent toilet paper. 
Not even that good toilet paper though. :/ 
Any of you guys have very few/ no girl friends?
I am awkward, so yeah
I have a lot of friends, no girl friends though. Nor do I have a girlfriend 
Same to be honest. 
Maybe we can get girlfriends someday?
Waiting for that holy day 
Name a physical attribute you are insecure about, I will try to give an example of that same attribute in a positive light.
I have hairy arms and legs
Belly. :(
Pretty much everything...
Big nose (guy)
Okay, I'll be the one.
Small penis
I'm sure you have a great tongue and magnificent fingers...
I lost them back in nam
How are you typing this?
With my giant dick
Great spelling! How big is your keyboard?
he's using a typewriter
*tack tack tack tack tack PING!*
I was going to suggest he was using a Blackberry, but I suppose that would be mean.
I don't grow facial hair :/
Almost-scarring from shaving often sucks
My huge forehead and pushed-back hairline.
Moobs ( ͡ಥ ͜ʖ ͡ಥ)
Just fat or gynecomastia? Because I got the latter. :/
I'm short af booiii
Male, 5'5
I have massive, *massive,* ***MASSIVE...*** Hips.
Hips don't lie. They make a man wanna speak spanish.
*Como se llama?*
Hey. Just coming to say you're an awesome person for doing this
Chicken legs. I tried running to make them more muscular. Never worked 
Why do I feel like Jake from adventure time made and replied to this post?
I have dog teeth. My canines are really up in my gums.
Who are you? Some sort of angel?
I played an angel in a school play once!
My small boobs and tiny features. I feel like everything is too small for my face :/
Small ears. 
What's your favourite uncommon saying?
Not my circus, not my monkeys.
You know that thing which you really wanna say but you haven't found the right thread to say it in...here's your chance. I'm listening :)
AMERICA
That is all
Hi from the uk! 
Wanna have a tea party?
Promise you won't throw it into the ocean this time??
Anybody here interested in poetry?
Well:
Poetry I like.
Haikus are simple enough
To make very fast.
Uh oh, don't let /u/iwinalot7 see this.
This may be quite bad
Who is this reddit person?
Should I start to run?
Will you die happy if you knew you'll die in one hour?
Without knowing who sits on the Iron Throne OR who Rey's parents are? Hell no. 
A Tinder match went south after I told her I don't use Facebook.
Wow. Bullet dodged. 
Great point.
Seconded.  If it wasn't Facebook, it would've been some other trivial thing that set her off.
PEOPLE WHO DON'T LIKE TACOS HAVE NEUROLOGICAL DEFECTS
Okay but this one is true
Tacos = life
Clearly, then, Chinese chicken is Valhalla.
How do you use Tinder without Facebook? The former uses the latter for authentication.
You don't actually have to have one.  You can use your email.
How? I was always under the impression you needed to log in with Facebook
I really like my younger brother. I feel like most people have the impression that teen siblings of the opposite sex don't get along but I love spending time with him we're playing chess right now.
Not on topic, but you got 4000 karma in one day of reddit and two posts. Wow.
Just want to talk fall, school, cold anything about fall really.
I live in a place where summers go for 110 degrees. I cannot wait for the fall. 
Oh lord, where do you live?
I just want to talk to you guys. Topic can be anything. Lets have a conversation.
Hey man I'm looking for someone to talk to 
I just had a thought: when people insult themselves, I'm so ugly., instead of arguing with them no you're not!, try I wish you'd be kinder to yourself.
You should post this on r/LifeProTips - I think it's good advise.
What I see in you is much more than what you see in the mirror.
You're just not your type, I read that somewhere and I liked it a lot
Came here to say this. I wish someone had told me this when I was 13.
I wish people didn't re post off other subs and claim them as their own 
? 
Ask any question in the entire universe, but you can only use one word. [Game]
Spiders?
Cake?
Aliens?
Xbox?
Netflix?
YES!
Sports?
Outdoors?
No. 
Summer?
Maybe. 
SASHQUASH?!
Maybe
Mom?
Me?
If
Then
Procede
Possible
Existential
Describe yourself in stereotypes!
Lazy asocial weeb nerd!
A gay man so femmie he has a vagina
..... Also trans?
Yeah, I'm a transman. 
A Canadian who is too apologetic, eh?
That's a classic
Thanks, pal! How are you, buddy?
Extroverted introvert with a childish sense of humor who cares way too much what people think.
Dick jokes galore? :D
I hate Illinois nazis.
An Irish person who's got a drinking problem.
I'm not ginger though. So that's something?
How'd you get your username?
I like dogs 
Something I completely made up and I thought it sounded good.
I agree, it sounds good!
Thank you! I just wanted something short and nice and this was the result.
It an ability from a manga.
Cool, what manga?
Thanks and it call Hunter x Hunter.
They deleted the mana potion from League of Legends :(
My name and my profession + it was available in every single social media
My username on a website scratch is turkey3.
The programming website?
I'm super cool. Look up spectral classification of stars.
I just made these 2 panda mugs with clay and I kind of need compliments / encouragement that they at least look decent..?
How adorable!
Make me smile.
Hug?
Please.
*hug* it's ok
Let's put some people behind the usernames
hi this is u/waterguy12
My name is Jason. I graduated high school this year and are looking for a job.
Nice to meet you Jason. Any specific jobs or just one that pays?
Arconic. I had a interview today.
does mike wazowski wink or blink
I think he blinks. To wink you have to have at least 2 eyes 
Such a complex question. This is giving me a headache haha. Good one xD
What is your favourite band that is almost never mentioned on Reddit?
Gojira. 
You mean like Godzilla?
Have you heard of the band Gojira?
I don't think so.
I was approached by a stranger looking for a cigarette outside my hotel at 1am but she actually needed a lot more...
That's really a good gesture bro. 
What's your favorite video game that can run on a fairly bad computer?
Pokemom teading card game online
Is that the name? Also, is it on steam?
Trading and no
Fallout 1 and 2.
Half-Life
Star Wars Battlefront 2
Waiting
What are you waiting for?
The inevitable death 
just kidding, or at least kinda of kidding
I am waiting to get sleepy
Dreading going to work tomorrow, in all honesty :p weekends are just so much more fun
Weekends are the best when you actually get them of.
I'm at work
How do you butter your bread for sandwiches?
I only butter if it's a grilled cheese
Can we talk about anything?
Are you happy?
what are your hobbies?
Whats one really good memory that you have? 
I'm 15 and I'm finally getting my own room!
I finally got one too!
I'm considering getting shelves but dont know what to put on them though.. :/
Vaseline? 
Hahahaha.. nah :D
Your lying to me and for that reason... I'm out.
Stefan is cancer free and i'm happy.
Someday this happiness will be gone.
My grandpa died from cancer today.... But at least Stefan is cancer free. 
Compliment each other!
I had doggy style sex today ! 
good for you! I hope it was amazing
I like you're TV shirt! And if you're not wearing one I like your chest!
why thank you, your t-shirt looks nice too :)
everyone here is beautiful :)
What are some of your unpopular food opinions?
Marmite is delicious. 
I love anchovies on pizza
I'm really sad today. Give me a sad song to listen to.
Heavy - Linking Park
Broadripple is burning by Margot and the nuclear so and sos
If something should happen 
Almost makes me cry everytime
Artist?
Darryl Worely
Valentines Day- Linkin Park
Ah, anything by Linkin Park is guaranteed to hit me in the feels right now. Thanks.
Forest Whitaker by Bad Books. One of my favorites
My post got to the front page.
What post was it?
I just got there today with my Hotel California post. I think I just peaked. 
I had my first kiss today!
Nice.
Nice? 
*Nice.*
Noice!
Oh man that's so great
Good on you, Bro! Savor it. 
How old are you guys? How was it?
This is pretty inspiring considering I'm planning on asking out my crush soon
Do it your chances are higher than you think
I'm just stuck up on the conversation part. What did you talk about on your date?
this is so wholesome 💕 i'm happy for you!!
I'm excited she makes me feel wonderful and happy and I wanted to share it.
Stealing a bike is truly one of the shittiest things you can do to a person.
Never come to the Netherlands or Denmark.
Your bike is not safe.
My therapist said I don't need to attend therapy sessions anymore!
Same here but I think she just didn't want to see me anymore.
Why did you name your dog what his/her name is?
I adopted a dog this year and named him Morty. He's the best. 
Redditors, what is the story behind your username ?
Typo. It wasn't meant to be duck. 
What was it ...?
FUCK 
Oh, I thought it was dicks.
Dick spider....hmm I like it. A spider with dick legs
My white cat has some pink paw pads and I love them.
No where man must have been taken. 
wat
Hip Hop Head   
Video Game Music
Nice
My names blayde, people call knives blades. Blaydeknife
Love that name!!
Which Reddit bots do you dislike most?
The one that irks me the most lately is HaikuBot.
Does anyone else hate the does anyone else, probably not bot?
AutoModerator in most subreddits. 
u/evenwithcontext_bot
what is the point?
Top 5s
Top five places in the world you'd like to visit?
What are your top 5 favorite words? 
Top 5s. From the channel. Pick them.
Top 5 Villains
I have to admit even if it is a little stupid but I take downvotes personally!
I usually delete any post that gets downvoted even once.
I agree with you on a personal level. 
So I downvoted you. 
I love down votes.
It shows how many stupid people don't agree with my facts.
Just cuz someone doesn't agree with you doesn't make them stupid. Hahaha Ima down vote that. 
I rarely get downvoted cuz I rarely comment and never post.  
That is why I don't post much
I downvote any thread or post that discusses downvotes, upvotes, karma, or frontpage.
Making homemade Chinese food and watching the newest episodes of GoT and Ink Master. 
Now I am hungry!
I'm hoping it'll be a tasty dinner. 
I'll be watching the start of the 2017/18 premier league season - Arsenal vs Leicester
Probably gonna play video games and relax for the most part.
Guns n Roses concert!
Flying to Ohio so i can see my friend get married tomorrow
and cry happy tears of joy.
My friend is having a birthday party so I will be watching all my friends get shit faced
WOOOO. So you get to remind them all of the stupid shit they did tomorrow?
My baked potato was so good
What is a potato?
Sounds tasty. I am having a baked potato for dinner.
I'm thinking about making a pizza. 
From scratch? Which toppings will you have?
Funny i am having one for dinner
What did you buy recently?
I bought a 2012 Mazda 3i! It's the nicest, newest car i have ever purchased! 
Nice! I'm currently driving around in an audi a5 2017 Coupe 2.0 TDI 
how much usd did it cost to you?
I'm 19 and attempting to get my tubes tied. What are your guys' goals, despite everyone's disapproval?
You sound like a horrible person.
Don't do anything you might regret later in life.
I have too many goals and hope to accomplish them all.
What's your favorite song right now?
Lusus Naturae!  
The name is latin but the song is in english, promise.
Halo by Starset.
It's a good song but I've never played the game Halo so I cant connect to it.
I dont think it has anything to do with the game.
Salad Days - Mac Demarco
Good Vibrations by The Beach Boys. 
Brian Wilson was a genius. Good one. 
He is still with us 😎
What should I name my new computer?
what kind of computer is it?
Friday
Hal?
I prefer female names for my computers. Male names are for my phone. 
HAL from 2001: A Space Odyssey sounds like a female
Name it after your favorite transformer. 
I think you should name it Julietta. Pronounced like Julio, not Julia. 
Phonetically: Hulee-eta
What is something that you keep telling yourself to do, yet you still don't do it?
I tell myself to stop trying to hookup. But I always look for it. :(
Talk to girls more. I think it'd be nice to have a partner who cares about you
Tell me about your favorite animal and I'll draw a little doodle of them!
Bald Eagle, do I really need to explain?
Ha, that's too cute!! You captured her cheekiness juuuust right!! 
Make me look bad game!
What is your favorite food ?
If you could meet any celebrity, who would it be?
Who is the most vile person in history, and why are they bad?
Hitler, he did some stuff
How do you feel about dogs?
Where'd you meet your best friend?
At soccer!
Knock knock 
You Can't Post Here.
Okay, thanks for the heads up.
I'll post all I wan't.
¡VIVA LA REVOLUCION!
Don't make me put you in posting jail! I just found out that, that's a thing! 
But what if I was going to post about how great you are?
Can I bribe?
Too bad
Hey, I made this place fair and triangle! I have the rights to it. 
Too bad, i'm posting here anyways.
Ok then 
#THIS...IS....AMERICA BITCH
I pay good money to be on this site! I'll damn post wherever I want!
here
r/madlads
But what if I wanna?
What do the 437 online people here do at this time of the day ?
Right now, I'm taking a break from gaming and just colouring.
I'd love to see a pic of what you're working on!
Overwatch? 
Smoking a blunt with my  dudes listening to some MOBB deep
~~Working~~ Sitting in the office browsing the web.
What hobbies keep you from going insane?
Buy a ukulele, might be a bad idea but it's fun.
What is the best thing that has ever happened to you?
Meeting and marrying my husband. I'd probably be dead without him and he helped me find God. 
Unpopular Opinions PT. 1: Movies, TV, Video Games
I have no interest in Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, or Star Wars.
all your preference dude. no one can force you into liking something
I thought True Detective was bad and also very boring. 
I know a lot of people who would disagree with you 
Very cool. I'm originally from Ohio, now in Florida.
cool
Nooo, it's not cool. It's hot.
what is?
Florida. ;)
mmmm that sounds sexy
More like sweaty. 
*moist*
That is accurate. Especially since it's summertime. 
right
Has NY been hot this summer? The last time I was there it was hot. 
damn hot...
Damn, it's like a 3 month heat wave everywhere!
yeah.... 
Weird.
Not me .-. How was your Saturday? 
goooooooooooood
Great! Did you do anything fun?
I have a job interview today!!!
Congrats! Good luck! 
Congrats.  Good luck with the interview.   You just need an answer to why you want to be a baker
I was born a Baker.
No, literally, that’s my surname. I was *born* a Baker! ;)
This is giving me hopeeeeeee!!! Good job!
Redditors, what is your favorite animal ?
Puffins and Giant Isopods.
I love spiders. 
Jumping spiders are the only spiders I like
All spiders are good spiders. 
Unless they bite someone, then they are the devil incarnate 
Just sitting around waiting for my phone to arrive. What are you guys doing?
What phone did you order?
The Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 with Helio X20
What do you wish for?
I wish I had as much money as Scrooge McDuck
Would you also want it in gold coins?
I wish I was 7 inches taller 
To be in shape enough by October to finish my scheduled half marathon 🏃 . 
You can do that!
My wife does marathons and I can never see myself doing it. 
I 🐝- 🍃 in you!
Thanks. I applaud your wife's discipline!
A fully functional Starship Enterprise. 
Money. Already have love, I just need more time to enjoy it.
Congrats on the love!
What would you do with the time specifically once you get all that dough?
What makes you smile?
What will make me smile? Satisfaction.
That's cheating!!! Practically a tautology! Another answer, please :3
Only if you invite me to the orgy on the moonbase lol
There is no orgy though.
I was just kidding anyway.
U/Zaramesh makes me smile :)
I wanna be invited to the wedding.
Well polygamy isn't something I really thought about but I guess you only live once!
That's the spirit! I'll even let you guys use my moonbase for the honeymoon.
I wonder what zero gravity would entail for bodily fluid clean up.
Holding baby animals and I guess baby humans too.
What's your favourite baby animal to hold? :3
My friends make me smile
What is something that you really enjoy but can never find anyone to talk about it with ?
Math, Everyone else I know hates math but I love it.
Like operatic music but I am not really familiarized with it. :l
Donating blood right now. How's everything going?
Meow?
Unfortunately I don't have a cat :(
Do you have any pets
Yeah, I have a dog! I love him 
When was your last time starting a conversation with a stranger?
Right now. Yes.
A few hours ago. Went well. Sometimes
Never did it, except online.
What keeps you from doing it?
It's an awkward thing to do here and I don't like talking to people in general
At a party a week ago. I've been talking to her every day since then, so that went well. 
Good stuff! Keep it up :) 
:l Never happens. :(
You just made me realize, I've never done it. Holy shit 
Are you going to do it now? :)
They were about cancer, chemotherapy and aliens 😯 
Aw, I didn't exect that. Do you visit hospitals quite often or do any voluntary work at them? 
Yesterday I (27m) stood up to two 9 year old girls
Big man, putting nine year olds in their place and bailing out before mama and papa bear come. 
r/justiceserved 
Their parents failed too. 
Anyone wanna talk? Feeling a bit off right now
Where are you from buddy ?
Going to college in Maryland. You?
Cool, never been to US. I am from Czech Republic.
I'm finally happy again!
The same reason as for the past month! My crush &lt;3 
I am at a really bad place
Feel free to pm me to vent OP.
Thank you so much. :) 
What movie was so bad that it made you walk out of the theater?
Why did you even pay to watch it
I'm sad / anxious / stuck in my own head. Tell me something good that happened in your week and where you're from so I know good things are happening around me even if I can't see them.
I volunteered for the first time in years (haven't been working either).
I got to eat lots o pickles! And I love, like, REALLY love pickles.
Pickles are too legit ! Fried ones are something else too.
Feeling a little depressed... (lonely)
Yo! :)
Hey, what's up?
Hi, wanna hug?
Aren't we all :(
Indeed :/
:(((
Breaking Bad for the fifth time. 
I also finished Ozark which I really liked.
The Office! I love it and it keeps me company during work. 
Arrow! I don't think it's very good tbh though haha... Not sure why I still watch it :)
Do people with long posts realize that no one reads them?
You should have been ironic and made this a really long post.
Hahaha fam! 
Oh it's XM0X. I see you here all the time man. What's up?
Nothing much fan. I have not been here for a while... 
Maybe a few of them will take the time.
Tell me about yourself.
Well, I'm white and pure like snow. 
Haha
Total nerd
Well I think you're in good company. What's your nerdiest quality? 
I play Pokemon (card game) every Friday night, and i respect women
Sounds pretty nerdy to me.
Which part
So much to choose from, so little time. 
Lol,you?
My hobbies are tea and anime
Two very good thing, you can never have too much. 
Comment your favorite song(s) and I'll tell you what I think of it.
This Must Be the Place- Talking Heads
I feel like this is a sad song with an uplifting beat.
Radiohead - How To Disappear Completely
Chris Isaak's Wicked Game.
Everybody loves Reddit.
Same here :) PS what the fuck 2 up votes 1 gold?! Am I also gonna get gold? 
My first gold. Feels pretty good.
Aren't you surprised?? I got gold too what the heck! 
I got two.
Are we blessed? Are we the chosen one?
Dyed my hair pink for a bet, amazed by follows next
I loved having pink hair. It tends to wash out/fade quickly though. 
Firebat?
That's awesome! I'm interested in the story of how this dare came to be!
Tell me one lie and one truth about you. I'll try to guess which is the lie and which is the truth.
1. I was wounded on a battleship
2. I have a mole that looks like Mickey Mouse's head
2!
* I own a Lamborghini
* I do not own a Lamborghini 
you own a lamborghini!
I fucking wish
I was in The Washington Redskins Marching Band.
I met Donald Trump at a casino.
you were in the marching band!
I saw someone die when I was young.
I am under 5 feet tall.
I have 3 cats.
you saw someone die when you were young..
Nope, that's a truth! I was at a community swimming pool and a little boy drowned. 
I've pet/played with and fed lions before
I've went to my 50th baseball game this year.
you pet/played with and fed lions!
Is that the lie or the truth?
the truth
1. I once scored 666,420 on a pinball game.
2. I broke my femur when I was 2 years old.
666420?
I'm a canadian monarchist
I am a tae kwon do black belt.
I own a therapy malamute. My dream job is to be a cop
I play bass and I throw up every week
I cut my thumb off on my 7th birthday. I broke my arm falling off a box of legos. 
1. I'm a triplet
2. I can whistle using my fingers. 
1. truth
2. lie
I have moved out when I was 10 years old
I have lived in three different countries so far.
I handle 6 foot snakes on a regular basis
I train dogs
snakes: truth!
Dogs: lie! :D
I can play the piccolo
I make sculptures for fun
1) I've never travelled outside my continent.
2) I've never learned how to swim.
1) lie
2) truth
1. I'm a Tae Kwon Do black belt
2. I'm an Eagle Scout in the BSA
1. lie
2. Truth!
I am a alien!
I am a human being!
1. I've stabbed someone
2. I've been stabbed
Ask a barista anything!
How many male baristas are there and are you one?
Im female. At our work we have mostly women (8) and 2 male baristas. 
Wow, I've heard that it's pretty rare to have one
Ask me anything I haven't been asked before
Do you like oranges?
Boxers, briefs, commando, other?
Are you happ?
Have you ever fingered your ass while masturbating?
Follow up question..has anybody figured their ass?
Okay I'm done complaining on this sub. Let's play a reverse AMA game
Games 
History
Ohhh okay. 
Which religion do you believe has the best moral code to follow?
What are you known for?
I guess I am known as the man who has always loved his cats.
nice, cats's are pretty sweet animals
That's true and thanks.
do you kitties have names?
Yes, their names are little girl and little one.
perfect 
how's your day been/going?
My butt and neuroticism 
Reverse Casual AMA
Surprise me, go ahead I'm an open book
what country do you want to go visit?
What is your I spend too much money on ____ thing?
gas, wish I got better mileage
Pens. My obsession with a good pen is unhealthy.
Movies, spent a pretty penny on blurays over the weekend...
you still have a DVD/Bluray player?
Shoes for sure. My friends say I have an addiction but what do they know right?
What are your goals in life?
To find meaning and purpose.
And to fill the lives of the people I love with the same.
Be good to my friends, have friends that will be good to me. To have more fun. 
I get that. I wish I could just be having fun with my friends all the time.
After four years, our most disruptive employee just quit.
Just read HR as home run...
In a way, it turned out to be....
My neighbor is hurling dead baby squirrels in my yard.
Get it stuffed and place it on her front porch.
Stuffed...with BEES!
Feeling stressed about getting into University...
Do you want a hug?
lol yes :)
*hug* there you go
virtual hugs 
I would go into law, if I were you
law is pretty hard to get into as well... but that's what I'm leaning towards
After you a guy? I want to know how to compliment you
well, my parents want me to go into med school ... but I don't want to do that
Ok?
I hate dead people
Makes sense
Meow or bark?
???huh i am confused
Cats or doggos?
What's the longest you've had to sit through (moving or non-moving) traffic?
Panama City, Panama has 3 hour traffic everyday. Without traffic your home in 5 minutes.
Wow, can you walk or bike instead???
Neither. It’s tropical season. It rains in an instant.
I hate driving in the rain, it stresses me out....
30 minutes to go 3km in Manila. 3 hours to go across EDSA (24km) in Metro Manila.
Where is this?
Do you prefer fruits or vegetables?
Fruits. But red meat all the way. :d
Do you have a favourite fruit?
Yes, I think it's peaches. Yours?
I love them both, but I'll choose fruits. 
What's your favourite fruit?
Love the veggies.
I texted the girl I like
Nice! What did you say to her when you first texted her?
great job man, more confidence than i think ill ever have lol, have fun
Hey good luck for tomorrow 😊
Hey, thanks. I'm really nervous about the whole thing.
As My username suggests, I'm British and I wanted to know from mainly and Americans, but others are welcome too, do you really like our accents as much as you are portrayed?
No... Like, I don't have anything against them, but I really don't care either way. 
That's cool, I'm trying to get a wider opinion on the subject so thanks for your reply
It depends on the person. I personally find them extremely entertaining.
Entertaining in what way?
Accents never really meant much to me, everybody has one, even if it doesn't sound like it
Very true
So who want's to have a nice conversation?
I finished eating. 
now you get to have dessert.... 
I wish. :(
I said you can, now go find something in the cabinet
Cabinet? What madman leave it in the cabinet?
I like warm ice cream okay.... just be nice to me lol
:d
roflcopter!
O-o I'm scared. 
don't be, I'm a nice guy I promise :)
:s
XD
.&gt;:(
no anger please....
ROOOOOAR!!^._.^
are you a dinosaur? 
Am i still grounded?
possibly, have you done your Hail Mary prayers?
you mean go into the bathroom and say bloody mary 3 times? :3
no, say mary bloody three times....it will confuse her!
now i see a girl spinning in circles in the corner of my room....what do i do???
Just start spending with her
Day was cool. Layed around. Got coffee. Made fun of Christians. You?
had work, trying to sell my art piece, watching youtube so not much has happened...
Do you guys have any good music recommendations?
Unknown Mortal Orchestra! Browse some of their top songs on Spotify, real sweet band :-) 
Check out Kamelot's Silverthorn or Haven albums!
In Colour - Jamie XX. 
It'll blow your mind. 
Jimi Hendrix is incredible. Best chill music artist ever. 
Any fidget bros on here?
Fidget spinner?
come on now. have you been living under a rock?
All that for your fidget spinner, I thought u were talking about something really expensive 
Why would I be talking about something else? Do you spin?
I have my trusty basic black fidget spinner next to me, I guess I do 
Goddamn, forty-two comments and zero upvotes.
You could be the first.
I'm really bored. Tell me something interesting about your day.
If I do I would be teaching you about accounting. :l
Does that mean you've been studying today?
Yup. It's a lot. :s I'm hungry. 
What are ya hungry for?
My sister joined AA.  Absolutely fucking stocked for her.  So happy she finally got help
Yay!! I hope she does well!
On another note, a whiskey enema would probably burn, wouldn't it?
So, l just got groped by a kid...
How awful!
I hope he changes for the better as he gets older.
Yeah, that's what I'm a bit concerned for. I may not be his last victim. 
Victim is a little strong, isn't it?
Game suggestions?
Nier automata
Fable!
I caught someone checking me out and it felt really good.
What's more fun than being checked out?  Observing someone else checking someone else out.
I bet it happens more than you realize, you just happened to catch this girl. 
Women are a lot better than men at the stealth-oggle.
Yea they must be real good at it. I've NEVER caught a woman checking me out. They're ninjas! 
Cause they always wearing those sunglasses
She's a snake.
You become stuck in the world of the last film you watched. How screwed are you?
I watched Holes. :(
Fellowship Of The Ring. I guess it would depend on where I am.
Baby Driver. I'm sure I'll be fine.
Just watched it yesterday too. It was incredible.
Just don't go doing heists with Bats.
The Lego Movie... I AM SO PUMPED UP!!!
The last movie I watched was The Dark Tower. Living in Mid-world would be pretty bitchin'.
Have you guys done any of the following yet?
What is this, reverse AMA???
Huh, I don't get it!
Huh, I was gonna be all down on myself but then I realized I've done almost all of these 
How much do you pay for rent?
My mom pays like $5XX for a one bedroom apartment. I live with her. :(
What are you not so sure about?
If I will get my degree. 
What minor thing sucked today?
I realized my Hello Kitty dessert spoon isn't big enough.
I'm so sorry :(
That's okay. I'm a grown man, I'll learn to live with it. Eventually.
Someone said i had a small dick.
Its sort of true
My boyfriend is in the bathroom and every 2 or 3 minutes opens the door and calls my name, followed by the lamest Dad joke ever, each getting subsequently cringier, what's some kinda cute, kinda annoying thing that your partner does?
Bless this post, thank you all, I needed these laughs. 
Music exchange
Clenching the fist of dissent. Hope you enjoy it.
do you listen to aesop rock?
I have been awake for 28 hours, I don't know why.
Do you prefer fluffy dogs or thin-haired dogs?
Fluffy dogs look more adorable
What's your biggest secret?
I look at more naked subreddits than I care to admit.
I'm new to reddit but I'm assuming this means looking at naked people?
You'd be surprised.
Let's safely assume he means naked bikes instead.
I've never made out with a girl. 
Hey, what are you guys up to tonight?
getting dronk
I've had a couple of beers tonight as well
nice man, I have to remind not to drink wine, fuck meee
I love dronk
me tooooooooui
What are you drinking?
wine, dont do that
I prefer cider or vodka and red bull myself
Oh, i can't handle high doses of liquor, it never ends well
I can drink half a bottle of vodka no problem
Watching the IT Crowd
I am playing fallout 2, and loving it. Which old games you guys fully enjoy?
I like the original Pokemon
Oh man, me too. Blue for life.
What's the most useless fact you know?
In the Wild West, bowler hats were more popular than Stetsons
Dihydrogen Monoxide is a roundabout way of saying H20, which is water.
believe it or not, there was a question on my test about that.
Same here, but in my high school chem 1 class
Sonic's first name is Ogilvie
The human body has enough iron in it to make a 3 nail.
Or three 1 nails.
and it would take 359 dead men to build a longsword :D
But then you need a longsword to kill 359 men! Chicken and egg sort of thing :P
You could use a shortsword.
Kissing burns about 2 calories per minute
now if only i could find someone...
Make it a threesome to really work out those muscles
Fustilug is the 17th century word for Slut.
Just got accepted for university!
Was studierst du denn nun, Brudi? 
Ich selber bin leider noch am warten. :(
Congrats! That is great news!
Rick and Morty saved me.
Wanna change your perspective? Try Rick and Morty with Lsd! No, I'm kidding... only kidding...
Wubbalubbadubdubs my dude 
TINY RICK!
Purchase plane ticket to go back home. That's about it. 
Are you looking forward to going home?
Attending a baseball game on Saturday mainly to get a bobblehead, besides that, not much
volunteering for a dog adoption thing, then nothing concrete.
what do you have planned OP?
I'm going to be watching Sherlock Season 3, and reading some books.
Cherishing my last two days off before I start my new job. 
But is it a cool new job? 
I am flying to Scotland. 
My friend just lent me No Man's Sky. I cannot wait to get home and dive into it.
What 3 songs get you pumped up?
Descendents - Coffee mug
AC/DC - Rocker
Priestess - Lay down
MUG MUG MUG. Can we be best friends now? The proud... The few...
So I just watched Frasier for the first time
Frasier is a good show for sure. I like Niles and Daphne :D
What weather do you have were you live?
It's currently 56°F where I'm at right now. It's going to be a chilly one today. 
Trade me places please
Very hot.  Living in Qatar. Dyin
How many degrees you have there?
45 - 50 C consistently. 
What's your favourite food?
Chicken Fried Rice, pasta
Spaghetti Bolognaise 
Sloppy joes.
I'm basic, I know.
Play the confessions game with me!
I'm in! 
Let's go.
You got the family category!
What bad trait of your father's have you inherited?
Neat! 
This sounds fun
Family category:
How has your family damaged you?
Hmmm. Well, I did have some anger issues but I think that was just being a teenager. 
🅱️
Hahaha nobody wants to answer the questions
Have you gotten any netflix accounts like that ? 
I like to think that they're thinking so they can give a good answer! Do you want to play?
Relationships!
Which of your partner's friends would you sleep with?
I'll do another one! 
Do me!
Money!
What significant economic help might you receive on the death of your parents?
I just broke off from a toxic group of friends!
Do you want a celebration hug?
Group hug!
Here's a reply
Sorry I'm late for the hug. I was away from internet reception 😀
It's ok we're still hugging
16 hours? That's an awkwardly long hug.
And longer is better. Hehe
What's the coolest word you know?
Daedalus is my favorite. I think it's Greek.
good word :)
Soda or Pop?
Sodie pop
I always say soft drink
Carbonated beverage
Do you ever get nervous when you see a cop car even when you've done nothing wrong?
Cops in my country having nothing against white boys, so I am fine. 
Where?
New friends! Come one, come all!
Hi! How are you? 
Hey,  warrup?
Imma FatDrunkPirate, I like booze, comics and fire and you?
I'm New-Buffet-City! Nice to meet you!
Pick a casual conversation!
8
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life? 
107
What would be the best thing you could reasonably expect to find in a cave? 
319
73
What character in a movie could have been great, but the actor they cast didn’t fit the role? 
Three fiddy
27
What was the last photo you took? 
100. 
242
What’s the funniest pick up line you’ve heard?
How about we go back to my place and play house? You can be the front door and I'll slam you
LOL
Sounds a bit brutal!
351
3
81
35
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it? 
74
31
~~420~~ 312!
17
So I fucked up.
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
Chocolate fudge brownie! What about yourself?
If you could visit any island, which would it be?
Whats your favorite thing to do? 
Paint! You?
Mostly video games and walking
Favorite video game?
uh thats a hard one, i guess i dont have favorite
What do you enjoy most about walking?
What is your go to hobby
Painting! You?
I saw you mention painting, whats your favorite of your own paintings?
Scroll through my history they're posted! The flower ones!
What kind of movies do you like ?
I never watch TV or movies but when I do Horror
Why only horror ? 
I love horrow novels so idk just what I watch when I have too watch something
Is there any particular reason why you dont enjoy tv or movies ? Or is it just not your thing ? 
Idk I can't pay attention to them to save my life they're boring to me
Do you want a hug m
Pls
What is your best/worst joke?
Mmm can't think of the top of my head! My humor is all over the place tho!
How about I tell you a joke. A man walks into a bar.
Ouch!
Hahaha :p corny, I love it!
If you thought that was corny. Then I have some a-maize-ing jokes for you.
Ooo I'm excited!
Where does a general keep his armies?
Up his sleevies.
Oh nooo 😂
What do you get when you combine a cucumber with H20 and various spices?
A pickle :-) Throw in some magic and it's a magic pickle!
Favourite number?
6! Yours?
Fave color?
If you could travel to any place in the world regardless of cost where would you go?
Where in canada! it's huge 
What's your favorite Beatles song?
A Day in the Life and It's All Too Much.
Not a fan of The Beatles so therefore I don't have a favorite song
Thanks for your useless input then? Why even comment?
They all suck.
Thanks for your ignorant input!
You're welcome!
;) all in good fun mate. But seriously, try not to be such a downer!
But that's what I'm best at.
When I left for work this morning, we had a Labrador. I come home during lunch break and.... something seems slightly different
It's my dad's birthday, so a little
What happened that was unexpected? 
I ate breakfast at home (i go to work with him and we eat on the road
What an adorable face. He looks so happy
Looks like a bojack
I have taken to calling him Snoop Doggie Dog 
I really honestly want to tell you that youre a wonderful human being and stuff eventually gets better, after you crawl through hell.
Would you like a hug?
I know that you have the best intentions saying that, but that does not help me... At all
Any one into weird music?
I like Death Grips a lot. 
Primus is weird. 
Suggest 3 songs to chill out to
Listen to some chillhop.. Maybe you will like it.
A lot of shitty suggestions in this thread.
How is everyone's day going so far?
Already looking forward to Friday. Things are going so slow at work. 
Mostly rewatching TV shows and trying to enjoy the summer 
My job it's 1.5 hours away, so I have 3 hours daily to chat with strangers. Ask/chat me anything?
Coke or Pepsi?
Coke always
Do you have any hobbies? 
Do you travel by bus, train or something else?
Bus, actually, I have to take 2 buses because our public transportation sistem is pathetic 
What is your favorite snack food?
What do you think of brazilians?
Tell me something from your day
I'm watching Lord of the rings.
That's cool. Is this the first time, or are you rewatching? =)
home alone until friday
so i went to my cousin's house obviously 
I made some coconut soap today!
Oh yeah? That sounds really cool, though! By hand? =D
I found out I'm having a boy :)
I saw a corgi during my lunch break walk!
I wrote a paper for a class.
Ask me anything
What is your favourite YouTube channel?
That's a hard one, but maybe superwog
Whats your favorite movie?
Planes trains and Automobiles or UP!
So you were browsing YouTube randomly? Or were you looking for comedy channels?
Browsing randomly 
Sorry about the delayed reply, I live in the South of England
Do you work, attend school, or attend university? 
College in a month 
Who is your favorite Naruto character? Mine is Hinata Hyuga.
Which celebrity do you fancy the most? 
A hot one
What song absolutely touches your soul?
Steal by Maribou State
Familiar by Agnes Obal
Hmmm I didn't really like this song too much, maybe because I don't really understand it...
Girl I Love You by Massive Attack
To be honest, I found it kinda hard to get into this song.
That's cool.
It has a personal meaning to me.
Let's talk?
What do you like to do in your free time?
Games and smoke. I'm a very exciting person.
Hey :D
Aloha.
Hola
And thats the extent of my foreign languages lol
What's one song that you'll never get tired of? I will listen to it and share my thoughts about it.
Jackson 5 I Want You Back
Major Lazer - Get Free
Stairway To Heaven-Led Zeppelin 
What anime should I start right now?
RWBY
Evangelion
Samurai Champloo.
Have you watched Hunter X Hunter? Castlevania on netflix was stunning! 
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
So, who's here today!
I'm Tracey and i love looking up backstories behind songs
*Hey, I'm Margaret, 18. I make alphabets.*
Hey Margret!
What kind of alphabets? Any examples you can share?
*I actually haven't made any proper alphabets yet. It's hard work. But I'm working on it.*
Good luck then. What else does an 18 yo does these days btw?
I'm Zack and I am borderline addicted to classical guitar.
Hey Zack. You sound a lot like one of my friends haha. His name is Louis tho ;)
Sounds like someone I could get to know lol. 
Yup. Unfortunately he's not on Reddit. But maybe I can persuade him 😊
Honestly, talking to women. A lot of times they have very positive attitudes.
My wife because she loves me
How long have you been married?
Watching my favourite comedians
What TV Series do you recommend?
Zoo
Well, this is something different. 
I feel like I would be okay with never getting married and never having kids. How about you guys?
28/M, nothing would make me happier than having a wife and kids
Oh well then I hope you get married with kids someday! 
What new songs are you guys currently enjoying?
The Beatles: Penny lane 
Really loving Tyler The Creators new album. Some beautiful stuff 
Louis Tomlinson and Bebe Rexha's song Back To You, I actually relate to the song tbh
Tell me something you have a (strong) opinion on and I'll (try to) provide a counterpoint.
Pineapple is just fine on pizza!
I agree 
Name one thing that would be on your bucket list :)
Mine would be to visit the US! That's the number one thing on my bucket list. 
Attend one of those Berlin edm parties where people get fucked up on 660bpm.
Visit Japan and try sushi! I've never had authentic sushi before. :)
that sounds like fun, I don't like sushi myself but I bet it might be awesome over there
visit Iceland, Norway, and Newfoundland
KFC vs Burger King vs McDonald's
McDonald's chicken nuggets all the way with a chocolate shake and BBQ Sauce. Omg it's so good
Will definitely try it out next time I'm there. No chocolate shake in McDonald's India though:(
Oh dang that really sucks. I didn't even know that India had McDonald's there
This weekend im going to make sure that I make one persons whole week.
I wish more people could be like you. 
Anybody can do this! Ive done wrong in my life, i need to change my ways and help people.
You're like Earl from My Name is Earl.
The post was on 69 upvotes, and I upvoted to 70. That's how much I appreciate your work. 
Wow OP you're the man, seriously thank you
I plan on making someone's hole weak
That's beautiful. Thank you for doing that for James. For real :)
Nice, I wish I could be this good to people 
Probably coke. Just prefer the taste I guess.
Pepsi is sweeter and I have a sweet tooth so ima disagree!
I was a huge Pepsi drinker til I turned 40; then switched to more water and a daily light beer.
Coke workers in my region are currently on strike!
Pepsi if I had to choose, but I prefer Fanta 
Dr pepper /s
The worst of the soft drinks 
I think you meant best haha
Always BEPIS
Coke. Pepsi is too sweet to me and seems to taste flat.
Fresca ^^^^that ^^^^shit's ^^^^good
Never heard of it!
I prefer root beer or peach Fanta. 
Wow peach?! 
Bubble Tea! 
First kiss. Boredom
mine was behind a 7/11. thats how you know youre classy 
Bahaha did they at least treat you to a slurpee
What is your favorite subreddit? besides this one of course :)))
r/wholsomememes r/whatcouldgowrong r/askgaybros r/dnd
Hmm, wonder what that says about me.
I don't know what it says, but you seem awesome!
r/bangtan, r/askreddit, r/unresolvedmysteries, r/popheads 
Lots of time spent there.
/r/hmmm
/r/prequelmemes
/r/AskOuija
/r/TankPorn
What are your interests?
Puns, joke, bad jokes, gaming.
Can you tell me some jokes
Games, comics and anime I guess.
What games are you playing at the moment?
Just started Half Life, haven't gotten far but it seems cool so far.
First one or second one?
What religion do u believe in?
Atheism ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I think religion just causes too many problems 
What TV show should everyone at least give a try?
I would have said @midnight, but they're cancelling soon
No Tomorrow on netflix.  Just 13 episodes.  A fantastic one hour comedy.  
Rick and Morty
SO GOOD. So happy with S.3 thus far. PICKLE RICK!
Game of Thrones. Have to watch at least the first season.
I Challenged My Comfort Zone Today!
Turning 25 today so I'm proud of myself for not dying :I
Wooo! That's more than I could hope to do, congrats!
I already regret it, but eh. C'est la vie I suppose. 
You'll forget about the regret in 10 years, but the confidence gained won't diminish. Chin up!
Awesome :D I used to make speeches while in church. You have a big heart!
That's what I call rising to the challenge
(☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞
(&gt;)&gt;
That looks like a huggy Jigglypuff.
How do you know it's not a Jiggly Huggypuff?
*pondering*
Take your time
Tick tock
The mouse went up the clock
...Smock.
Sock
Stock
Stork
Fork
Spoon
Knight
Day
Dawn
Dusk
Tusk
Tusken
Taken
Neeson
Liam
Lithium
Battery
Power
Watt
Volt
Bolt
Usain
Run
Ran
Fast
Fasting
Starving.
Dehydrated.
Dying
Driving
Diving
Submarining
Torpedoing
Missiling
Monsooning.
Raining
Drizzling
Spraying
Spying
Bonding
Boomerang
Kangaroo
Aussie
Kiwi
Lemon
Melon
Cantaloupe 
Fanta Loop
Fantastic
Four
Superman
Spiderman
Ironman
Batman
Bruce
Shark
Sharp
Pointy
The Flash
Thunder
Lightning McQueen
Racecar
Zoomzoom
Speedspeed
Spookspook
ScaredyCat
SatCat
Satellite
Cecilia
Cecil Rhodes
Sesame
Sunset
SunRISE (:D)
I see what you did there
Solar Eclipse 
Lunar Eclipse
Lunar Landing
Fake (&gt;.&gt;)
Nine Eleven
Jet Fuel
Steal Beans
Cool Beans
Spill Beans
Soybean!
Kidney Bean
Kidney Harvester
Organ Transplant
Organ Thief
Piano Taker
UNDERTAKER
Underwater
Bikini Bottom
Bikini Top
One piece.
Two pieces
Red piece.
Blue Peace
Peace Piece
Peas Peace
Split pea soup.
Banana split
Hot Fudge Sundae
Caramel Apple
Chocolate Strawberry
Vanilla Ice Cream
Chocolate Ice Cream
Chocolate Mousse
Chocolate Lava Cake
Chocolate chocolate
White chocolate
Milk Chocolate
Dark Chocolate
Dark Roast
Breakfast Blend
Quaker Oats
Oatmeal.
Goat Meal
Goat Mail
Snail Mail
Snail Trail
Slimy Trail
Gary Slime
Gary Takes a Bath
Gary Bork
Bork Bork
Corgi Bork
Shiba Inu
Bichon Frise
Bison Fries
Poutine Fries
Chili Fries
Chili's Babyback Ribs
Chile Ribosomes
Mitochondria
Power Cell
Powerhouse
Electric Substation
Electric Avenue
Tesla Roadster
Prius
Mustang
PONY!
Tail
Mane
Main
Wet
Dry
Yum
Pie
Pop
Soda
Coke
Dr. Pepper
Pineapple Soda
FANTA(STIC)
Asstic
Autistic
Vaccine
Cure
Curie
Carrie
Carry
Heavy
Light
Sith
Vader
Palpatine
Pulp
Paper
Pauper
Pom Pom
Pomeranian 
Pomegranate
Passionfruit
Pseudo-pineapple
Pineapple Pizza
Pizza Calzone
Ben Wyatt
Ben Franklin
Electricity
Magnetism
Magneto
Spark
Flicker
Earth
Planet
Moon
Crescent
Penumbra
Black Plague
Yellow Fever
Scarlet Fever
Oregon Trail Dystentry 
Willamette Valley
Silicon Valley
Silicon boobs
Plastic Six Pack
Butt Implants
Arm Liposuction
Tongue Tuck
Back Botox
Leg Enhancers
Finger Benefits
Fingers With Benefits
Fingers with Gloves
Glove Love
Glove World
Glove Land
Rock Bottom
Bell Bottom
Bell X1
Bella.
Bella Ciao
Lady and the Tramp
Beauty and the Beast
Mrs. Potts
Mrs. Doubtfire
Rocky Horror
Rocky IV
Balboa
Bilbo Baggins
Wizard
Hagrid
Dumbledore 
Voldemort
Snake
Snek
Shrek
Hammerhead
Nail
Neil
Degrasse Tyson
Carl Sagan
Bill Nye
Science Guy
BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL!
Inertia is property of matter
An object in motion will stay in motion unless acted upon by an outside force.
F=ma
e=mc^2
i &lt; 3u
i before e except after c
Science
cicadas
Beetles
Beatles
Byrds
Randis
Bandit
Trash Panda
Trash master
Garbage guru
Dump Squad
Dumb Squid
Squid Word
Squid Ward
Tent Poles
Tennis Balls
Snellie
Gary
Johnson
Walter
White
Puppy
Kitty
Meow
Meow Ze Dong
Mewtwo
Meowth
Mouth
Lip
Lipid
Double Tail
Red Trail
Chemtrail
Biological
Physical
Mathematical
Algebraical 
Differential
Integral
Multivariable
Sleepy
Dreamy
Drawy
Writey
Wiggly
Jello
Jiggle
Jimmy
Jimmies
Rustle
Hustle
Muscle
Mucus
Phlegm
Phish
Fish
Phish Food
Fish Phood
This should have a lot more upvotes! This is awesome (:
What TV shows have you binged on lately
Rick and Morty! 
I don't like bohemian rhapsody
I agree.  I'm not much of a Queen fan either.  
Booo, shun the non believer!
Jk everyone can have their opinion.
Does this count the cover of the song done by Panic! at the Disco too?
It's a weird song but I like it
Now you're stalking me...
What is your dream in life?
Not sure but my current goal is to get a college degree.
History.
What do you plan on doing with your degree afterwards?
Either working or going for a higher degree or maybe even get my teacher's credential. 
Just to get married some day and maybe have a kid or two, alas it's only a dream!
why only a dream?
Favorite movie of 2017 so far?
the emoj...
stop right there, son. 
i want to apologise 
you're forgiven, my good sir. 
while i'm here, Dunkirk
Let's play the question game!
Are you a woman?
What do you think was the worst event in human history?
What is the nicest thing you have done for someone?
Saved their life.
who was the most evil person in history in your opinion
The first person to ever murder another person intentionally.
That'd be Cain, if you're able
How do you pet all of the dogs? 
Softly and gently, around the neck area.
What's the most disgusting thing you could call a vagina?
The female penis.
What was the question this was originally an answer to?
What's your favorite movie?
What is the name of the cabinet that you use to store documents in the office? 
The file cabinet.
Oh...oh god.
If you saw a human sized spider would you kill it or runaway
Run away.
What country would you most like to visit?
France.
What would you do if you noticed that the plug popped out of the wall?
Put it back in.
Does 2 + 2 = 5 ?
What was your first childhood pet?
I never had pets.
I got nothing for that one, sorry.
What's your favorite candy?
Peppermints.
Where do most dogs like getting scratched?
Probably in the neck.
Who is your most favorite person in the world?
When was the last time you took a shit?
Favourite song by a rock band?
Don't really listen to rock.
Whoops, wasn't prepared for that answer :o
Feel free to help me, anyone!
Xbox or PlayStation? 
If you could kill someone, how would you do it?
what kind of chips do you think would be best with salsa?
I really eat a lot of food.
Food is amazing. My favorite hobby is writing.
Will argue about anything with you
I can't think of anything worse than just going to beach all day every day while on holiday.
exactly , it gets boring after 2 days of constant beach.  
what are you up to ?
Just listening to music and browsing reddit, the usual monday night
Germany is the most awesome country to live in
Stick shifts are better than automanuals. 
I'm starving, so tell me
I'm making a walls protocol hash. Nothing fancy, just meat and veggies! 
Sometimes simple is better. 
What are you looking forward to this week?
I'm seeing Snarky Puppy on friday!
Let's play a question game (make me look bad!)
How much do you make an hour?
$0, but if you had asked me in 2014, I would have said $11.50.
What's something you love about the opposite sex? ( same if you're gay)
Can you list your favorite foods?
Would you recommend having sex?
My country is headed to rockbottom
Heard about it, it's fucked up.
OutofTheLoop
Whats happening?
Socialism 
Communism.
Hey! Cant sleep who else is in the same boat?
 Watching rick and morty. Ever heard of?
It's literally my favorite show! What episode/season are you on?
Night owl here, currently not working so I'm just binged watching all of friends
Lol, I'm a night owl at this point as well. Have you tried the office?
I also can't sleep, haha, it's three in the morning.
Describe Yourself In Five Words or Less and I'll try to figure out who you are.
PCmasterrace, fifteen, Male, Meme Addict
So what's your favorite number?
93
4
And why is that?
Don't know. It just appeals to me. I like most numbers in the 40s too.
Well your comment was written 39 seconds ago, what do you have to declare?
If you could immediately put 1,000 hours into any skill, which would it be and why?
Reading ethical philosophy, so I could be a better person.
Ethics is different from morals...
Calculus.  Just because yes.
Sweet! Up to where in Calculus? Multi variable or differential equations or something else?
Up to where I could miss most classes. 
What are you doing to improve yourself?
Try to get a job. Being serious about it and planning to move out and stuff.
What's the point in going to the gym
I'm 18 but still looks about 15, or 16.
It sucks now, but you'll love it when you're in your mid 20s and look 21!
It don't suck I got used to it. But at first I was confused.
That's me! 28 but people think I'm 21
I'm 35, still get carded. Realistically people say I look 25-28. God bless SPF 50
I was never carded until in my 30's. That was strange!
At 15, I had college students asking me what college I went to.
Bro I'm **30** and, after a fresh shave, people think I'm a teenager.
Not complaining tbh.
There's no way anyone over 25 can tell the difference between a 15-18 year old. 
I'm 25 and still look 16...
Currently overdosed with caffeine and bored
Already discovered the ultimate truth of life?
If I was gonna drink that 10th can I would. For now I can only see sounds. 
Yep. 10 is the meaning of life. 
I think I've surpassed that. I've became god.
And how many Red Bull does it take to become a god? 
I don't know about redbull. But after 15 cups of coffee you see life as an easy puzzle. 
That's dope though with that much power I can't fathom to control it. 
Well, it's been an hour. You all right? 
So far so good lol. 
Listening to music, what are some of your favorite bands?
How about TV on the Radio, or The Heavy, Interpol, Kasabian...?
Interpol is just amazing! What would you consider one of your favorite songs?
Nightwish is my favorite band. Everything about thrm is right up my alley.
I love Nightwish!
Cant sleep, you guys know the drill
How you doing?
Today I'm going to brush my teeth, how cool is that xD
Drunk, lonely, depressed, AMA!
What're you drinking?
Absolute vodka- vanilla flavored. Mixed with Mountain Dew and lemonade!
Tell me your problem and I'll give you advice, free of charge.
I cant think of a problem. 
*shrug*
Its just a bad day, not a bad life
I could use it today.My morning didn't start off great at all.
Things will turn around, don't stress
Yeah I felt the need for this right now.
We all have those days, just as the day passes, the problems eventually pass aswell
Maybe a few more days but yeah it'll pass
I understand the sentiment but it's bullshit
What's everyone looking forward to?
The day I manage to find someone who i love. 
At work, it's around 5 in the afternoon. Only 5 more hours... 
That's too bad!! What do you do? 
I'm playing MLB: The Show. It's 5:30pm
Is it any good? 
*Just finished readin' a book. Now doin' nothing. Goin' to bed soon...*
What were you reading? 
*The Murder of Roger Ackroyd. I liked it a lot, especially the ending.*
Glad you enjoyed it! I'm currently reading Catch 22 
Haven't read it... Should I? Btw, have you read that book I mentioned?
Well it's my favourite book, and I think it's very funny. And no, I haven't! 
Listening to some great music!
What you listening to? 
At friends house and he fell asleep
Im playing some Splatoon, it's really fun. You into any games lately?
What's your favorite food?
By far fast food of any kind
Interesting. I love ribs myself. With a baked potato.  Or maybe a cheeseburger. 
Man im hungry talking about this lol
Me too. I'm in a car shop waiting for my car to get fixed.  Then it's food time!
Did anything serious happen to your car?
Not mine. My moms. Just a tail light out. 
Oh ok thats good
Yup.  Fixed now though!!
So how are you doing?
Where the upperclassmen gang up on the freshman and do stuff to them
Freshman friday?
Getting married today!
Hey, congrats!
My wife and I are celebrating 20 years next month,
Thank you! And congrats to you as well! Any words of advice for a successful marriage?
Cucumbers are a fruit
What are you doing today?
Driving to Texas for my father's birthday.
That sounds lovely, how far away is that?
About a 3 or 4 hour drive. Depends on traffic.
In 3 to 4 hours I could drive across the whole country aha looking forward to it?
What are your favorite movies?
Brave little toaster, young Frankenstein 
Anyone up for chatting a bit?
Hit me. The so is out of town. Got a Jack and Coke and binging Netflix shows.. 
actually did that last week haha, out of booze and money now though 
A toast to you then, good sir. What part of the world you in? City of Houston here
A lil town close to Mexico City, how's Houston?
Pick a number between 1 and 14
ok let's say 9 :D
Hi, I'm Diana.
Why are you alone for the night? 
my ex broke up with me recently and my mates are out of town
I love memes. 
can also attest to this 
Mine sounds cool, but really my last name is hore
Are you a hore?
Well, it's true, is it not?
Do you want welcome duck?
I got this from that stupid Got 'eeeem!! vine.
Fruta means fruit and i like them.
Do you have a favorite fruit?
I just really don't like olives. 
I've disliked them ever since I mistook one for a mushroom on pizza.
My initials are AAA
I thought of it when I was...14, I think.
It just stuck with me.
Trying to figure out what to snack on. What're you doing?
Popcorners are the best. 
I actually have some of these in my kitchen! I've never tried them before though.
Try them, try them!!!
Now I have to! 
Tell me how it goes. Oh good I hope you like them lol. 
I probably will, there's not many snacks I dislike haha
That's because snacks are delicious lol.
Just finished dinner! But I could go for a snack too. 
Snowcone
That would really hit the spot tbh.
I haven't had a snow cone in a while!
Yay! I recommend the strawberry snowcone. 
That sounds so good! 
Ive actually never had a strawberry snowcone o:
I don't have anything to snack. Guess it's sleep.
Sometimes you just gotta have sleep as a snack 🤷🏽‍♀️
We've all been there haha
Just got home from dinner with my SO... We ate way too much! 
Where did you guys go? :)
Me and my SOs favorite restaurant is outback!
What are you obsessed with?
Figuring people out
What's your favorite thing to do in the summer time?
Hiking, camping, and swimming!
I looove swimming. Heading to the pool right now actually 
Have you made Pikachu hat?
I have not, but I plan on it 
Pm me the image, really want too see your job
I actually posted on it in r/casualknitting if you'd like to look :) 
That's a nice jirachi hat
Thanks! 
Do you play the card game?
I do not. The only card game I play is MTG
Got an hour and a half left of work, bored af, talk to me.
Peanuts. Peanuts!
Ew, peanuts.
.&gt;:O
Sorry dude, just not a big fan of peanuts. 
Because you need to put lemon juice and salt on them
whats yours?
Hi there, I have 5 and a 1/2 hours left till I'm off work. 
That sucks girl. 
1 more hour left for me! :]
Helloo! 
Having a good day?
I just started my day
Really? 
Where abouts are ya, what time is it there?
Midwestern United States, 9 o'clock
Nice! 
I'm in the UK, London :] It's 3:15 here! 
:[ 
What's the unhappy face for?! :[
I've got a long day ahead of me
hey there! :)
Hihi! How's it going?
it's going quite well thanks! how's the weather?
How tall are you?
I'm pretty gosh darn short. I am 4'9! 
Which anime character would you be or who are you the most similar to?
I never quite hit 5'. 
Short people unite
At least we don't need much space to unite.
I'm 6'3'', average size for an average person.
Pretty tall to me! 
5'5''
Right here buddy
Guy or girl?
Im a dude. 
I'm a chick
Godamn it!!!! I'm leaving now! Lol. Jk. What race? 
185cm, whatever that is in freedom units
I'm 149cm (4'10) :C
Hehe join the short club! We have cookies
Fine; only for the cookies tho :P
Although /u/Gladius01 wants to stack us to prevent floods
But what do we get for this public service? D: I demand ice cream in return
Probably too late, but I'm 5'7. I think I'm short for a male :(
Hey dont sweat it, its about the same height as my dad!
Very tall
Can you help me name my kitten please?
Cat mccatface
Scout from To Kill A Mockingbird
My wife asked me to model her clothes.
She sounds awesome. Wife her! Wait...
If Only I could be a pretty bride in our wedding...
Halloween dude 
I once crossdressed on a military base for Halloween. The looks I got were...interesting.
Sometimes being the little spoon is nice
No worries about you stretching her clothes out?
You should ask her to try yours!!!! 
Just for fun. Hahaha
She steals my clothes all the time!  (Esp my guys clothes, but also my girl clothes).
Man, do yourself a favor and get married. She sounds wonderful.
Lol. Love how everyone's telling me to marry my wife
Hello, CC. Let's talk about random stuff.
Do you have a favourite breed of dog?
Well, I have three! Labradors, Huskies and German Shepherds. What about you? 
hey bb. wan sum funk bb?
Hahaha. You made me laugh. Needed that. So thank you.
haha! yw I like to dance too!
I'm not much of a dancer but when in the mood, and there's music, I love to groove! :D
Hey i have so random subject for you :)
What do you think of the raising dragon problem?
Okay, I'm not aware of this problem! What is it?
It's nothing, but it got you interested :) 
Do you watch GoT?
Accidentally spammed my employer with messages about bees
Beads?!
BEES
Her? 
What is she, funny or something? 
Operation hot mother 
I once sent my college professor an email full of pictures of aardvarks. 👍🏼
aardvark cum is frigid gas
IF anything bad happens from this I will be very disappointed if I don't read it on TIFU.
Anyone want to talk?
Sure, whatcha wanna talk about?
What the last song you listened to? 
Well, actually currently listening to *Crusade* by Jordan Maron.
Lets talk fast food.
In n out
Arby's or taco John's
Burger King
What accents do you find the most attractive?
I'm in love with the sound of my own voice, so.   American Male.  Slightly nasally.
British, German, and Russian and I'm from the American mid west.
German?! 
African accents are dreamy.
Isn't music wonderful?
Music is one of the greatest things on earth imo.
What's the story/meaning behind your name?
Just finished Sherlock, and it was amazing. Now I'm left bored, and looking for a new show to watch.
Luther is pretty good too. Not as good as Sherlock but definitely worth a watch!
True Detective (season 1, season 2 was horrible IMO)!
Wanna play 20 Questions anybody ?
Is he a character in a movie?
He does appear in movies
is the he a comic book hero
He appears in comic books
Is he part of the DC or Marvel franchise?
Marvel
how did he get his powers
Some from birth, some from training, some from technology
where was he born
Oh that would give away to much. Let's stick to yes or no questions
does he have a very well known arch villian
can he fly without tech? was he born on earth?
He cannot fly without tech and he was not born on earth
is he a guardian of the galaxy 
dc or marvel
Does his costume have yellow on it? 
Often
Is it Wolverine?
Sentinal?
The Flash?
I think it's been more than 20 questions AND THE ANTICIPATION IS KILLING ME WHO IS IT?
Is he a major character?
In the movies he's appeared in yes
Is it Heimdall?
Im perplexed
Try your second guess
Well, I'd ask you if he's a hero or villain but I'm sure that'd give it away.
He flip flops. Often changing from hero to villain 
Does he wear a mask?
Does he fly
Has green skin?
Is he evil?
Often but not always
Is he in spiderman movies?
Is he bald?
Black hair?
Uses guns?
Rarely 
Is he dark skinned?
Have metal arms?
Is he a celestial?
I Want To Help You
I need someone who speaks Mandarin... 
你好
我的汉语不太好
I need help in using historical context correctly.
Dying.
What video game character do you heavily relate to and why?
Dragonborn, because I'm an outcast
Why do you say that?
Nobody likes me
I'd say the spy in TF2 because i'm french. And I laugh like him ^^'
How is that game? I've never played it.
For a ten years old game , it's surprisingly amazing
lol spy main here, can confirm that spy is fucking badass
Something most people enjoy doing that you don't enjoy?
Getting really dressed up for important events wish we could all run naked n' stuff. 
Been going braless for a few months now. I wear bralettes. Best decision I ever made. 
I know right, no more little metal bars penetrating your damn rib cage. 
No more unsightly back fat. No more boob sweet 
Sports
eating peanut butter. riding wagons while someone else pulls me. people scratching my head 
Socializing in a large group. 
How large a group?
Weed 
I just saw my first musical! I absolutely fell in love with it;what's everyone else's favorite musical?
The Book of Mormon, seriously funny
What's a purchase you'd like to make soon?
Just the experience of driving a super car for the day. I'm saving for my birthday 
Nice! Any on mind?
I'm buying an acoustic bass and a trumpet anywhere from now to in 2 months.
I found an old IBM model M keyboard on Craigslist for $45.
A mini drone for $25
I am saving up for a large black boneless pizza.
With szechuan sauce?
I'm gonna preorder Wolfenstein 2 ASAP. I need some more good good Machinegames shootbang.
I'm looking into buying my first car. I'm interested in an older Porsche Boxster. 
What are you obsessed with at the moment?
Finding love. :l
That song from the vitamin water add..Feel it still by Portugal. The Man.
mini aquaponics
I made a good tinder account so it's fun talking to people with that
Everyone is so beautiful.
AS A HUMAN, I TOO THINK YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL MY HUMAN FRIEND
Username checks out. Also &lt;3
Haha thanks 
I really didn't expect this to make me emotional but it did
Driving a bus near Vancouver 
You probably shouldn't reddit and drive. 
We get 5 minute pee breaks
Is that a thing?
What are you up to?
Nearly half way thru an 8.5 hour shift. You?
What do you work as? We are about to eat dinner
City bus driver. 10:30 in the morning here. Making chicken later for dinner 
Winner winner chicken dinner!
How is the job of a bus driver?
It has its challenges, but can be a nice way to make a livable wage.
Great view. I'm sat at a strangers desk in a cabin just outside a refinery site.
For work?
yea.  3 and a bit hours left!
Heads up, time flies on reddit! :)
Yup, that's pretty much all i've been doing all week, along with a few games on my phone.
Studying in school
math, civics and computer studies
I like the computer part
i like every part except the computer part :/
Computers are awesome
what kind of stuff do you cover in civics?
Canadian gov't as well as what it means to be a citizen, etc
Queens, NY at my job
Are things busy?
At work :(
You dont like your job?
Video games and storytelling : )
I love video games, spend too much time at the moment winning chicken dinner
On my bed.
Is it comfy?
I'm at work pooping. 
Thats the life
At a meeting, listening about shit talk KFC and people encouraging me to eat fried chicken. 😰
using my brother's PC at his room 
Gaming?
[Debate] In Tom and Jerry, who is the villain ?
It's Jerry 100%
Why ?
He's intruding in Tom's house.
Tom, he wants to eat Jerry. The fact that Jerry is an ass doesn't change that.
Neither. Both provoke each other and both enjoy themselves as a result. 
Some anime you recommend? Maybe your favorite?
Dbz
classic
Watched super yet?
A few episodes, didn't make it to that new evil Goku arc hahaha
Lol how did you feel about the episodes repeating the story of the two new movies?
Meh, not a new thing in entertainment tbh hahaha. Star Wars did it too
Pick a number from 1-60 and I'll ask you a question
28
57!
7
What is the most effective way to save endangered species?
Don't kill the animals!! At all!!
I would say stop endangering their habitat m8. 
that too!!
55
48
What are some strange wedding customs in your country?
1
What three pieces of advice will you give your children?
41
25
What kind of challenge would you like to try?
37
42
47 
Would you want to have a clone of yourself?
58!
47
18
57
34 !
34.What is the dirtiest job?
40 :)
45
11
11. how long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
12
59.999999999999999999999
What were some silly things you did as a kid?
I loved English and still do. I couldn't pronounce words I loved without saying ee at the end.
Thatee madee mee laughee
I regret it, but I was one of those annoying kids who banged on random people's doors...
Quick survey for my Master's class
You can also post this to /r/samplesize 
+/- 6 times a year
No soda at all/ever
What's an unpopular opinion that you have?
I'm not interested in GoT.  
Me neither! I fell asleep during the first episode and that was that.
The Beatles aren't that good. 
I prefer The Wiggles.
Sonic has always been mediocre
I hate bands. Ya know, the guitars, drums, etc..
I never plan on watching the LOTOR movies. Ever. 
Sherlock sucks. 
I never liked The Witcher 3. 
My dad just died this morning, can we please talk about random stuff?
What's your all time favorite food?!
Calamari for sure
We're you disappointed when you found out a group of squid was not called a squad? I was... 
Here's the real test: little baby squids or the breaded circles?
Little baby squids of course 
I've only had calamari once! I've been wanting to try it again :o
What order at the drive-thru pisses you off most?
Sandwiches, takes the longest to prepare.
And then?
What are your favourite movies/TV shows? :)
Breaking bad, bobs burgers, and King of the Hill.
Have you watched any of Better Call Saul? 
Yeah fucking love BCS
It's such a great show. I can't wait for the next season! 
Where do you live? Are you into modern board games?
Florida and the only board games I enjoy are Risk and chess.
What US state is closest to Africa? 
Is it Florida?
Super hyped for the new wolfenstein game.
What's your favourite way to relax?
Weed + Music + Garden + Coffee
Videogames. Sadly I dont have time for it like I used to...
Completely understand that
Reading a book with a cup of tea
Woodworking in my shop. 
Is Ron Swanson in our midst?
Beer and video games.
I'd add blowjob to that list but not a  reliable enough occurrence hahaha
Do you partake in either? 
Put on some music on high volume when I'm home and chill on Reddit/blogs. 
Remember when old games used to look so realistic?
Ace Combat 04 looked photorealistic to me as a kid.  Still looks fine and plays fantastically.
Ace Combat 04 and 05 were the zenith of the series. 
Don't forget Zero!
I haven't played it, so I can't comment. 
Do it!  Just as good.
Sum up your favorite movie/book/game/song in the fewest words possible.
Dinosaurs friends. 
The land before time??
Cop infiltrates group of street racers. 
War is not glorious.
Apocalypse Now? 
Nope! I'm not even sure that that is.-.
May I buy a hint? 
Yes:) The hint: An eighteen year old who lost his youth
Which war was it? 
World War I
Lawrence of Arabia? 
I never heard of that one either😮I'm a tad uncultured sounds like haha. Need another hint?
What are the pros and cons of where you live?
I live in Florida. You hate the cold? I've got good news! 
I hate not cold.... and also people who eat faces.
Plz to be taking summer mountain pictures.  It will keep the zombies away.  
It's too hot to take pictures, I need to stay inside where the sun can't hurt me!
Do you love a foreign song so much you can sing it without understand what it means?
Ask any anime fan and you'll get a a whole playlist of Japanese songs in a minute! 
When's your birthday?
June 2nd.  I was due to be born on the 4th of July, but apparently I couldn't wait.
This friday
Woah, that's almost my bday
August 5. 
Fellow Leo!
My birthday is August 13 :)
My cakeday and birthday are the same. 
12/23. Fucking sucks tbh
The day a famous politician was murdered.
November 24
Sometimes it lands on Thanksgiving, so that's fun 
June 2, and I love celebrating my birthday 
6 days from now.
In 25 minutes according to where I am right now. In 2.5 hours according to my home time zone. 
What are your thoughts on swearing?
I'm Aussie so swearing is simply a part of life.
What do you want to talk about but feel like no one wants to hear?
Where do babies come from?
Baby trees
Interesting.
How do baby trees reproduce?
Um. My little secret.
And what's that?
When was the last time you smiled and why?
thinking about my girl this morning
Aw how sweet
right now looking at my precious doggo
Aw what's that lil pupper doing?
putting her head on my lap and now she's sleeping on my foot she's so fuckin cute 
Earlier because I was Reading Torbjorn X Reinhart fan fics.
Some seconds ago when I farted and pretended I'm a rocket.
Hey Reddit, on a scale from 1-10, how fucked would you be if the zombie apocalypse started when you're at work?
Completely utterly fucked
15
You stuck at Walmart or something?
Wait a minute 
I'm unemployed 
Fuck Yeah I'm saved !
Politics anyone?
Oh, I'm not brave enough for politics.
Hey thats ok. Its not for everyone 
Center right. 
 Fuck Antifa! 
Ok. 
Alright. 
Bye.
No?
Okay.
Yeah. 
Good.
Yep.
Mhm.
: ^ )
&lt;:()
&gt;: ^ ) 
: ^ D
&lt;: ^ d
&lt;:$
:o)
(ᵔᴥᵔ)
: &gt; )
♥‿♥
˙˘˙
༼ つ ಥ_ಥ ༽つ
● ___ ●
◉_◉
(●¬˛●¬)
⚆ _ ⚆
&gt;_&gt;
ಠ‿↼
T~T
(｀Д´)
Im socialist. 
Let's play 2 truths and a lie.
I'm athletic. I don't love strawberry flavor. I loved Man of steel. 
There's no way you don't love strawberry
Strawberries are great, but the strawberry flavor is awful :(
*you take that back*
Strawberry flavor is the lie, that's my guess
I went to Canada last summer
My hair is dyed rainbow
I have 2 pet chickens
Rainbow dyed hair is my guess. 
When I was five, my dog saved my life. I've dissected a shark. I'm a middle-aged housewife.
I think the middle aged housewife one is the lie! 
I've lived in 4 different countries. 
My sister once fell onto Obama. 
I have blue eyes. 
I got struck by lightning. I flipped a car. My brother shot me. 
im 6'3, I have scars on both arms, I love dogs
I live in Canada.
I draw porn as a hobby.
I have a minion meme page.
You don't have a minion meme page. Please. 
I'm just as sorry as you, but you're wrong
What does the predictive text of your phone say?
I'm ready for this
Begin your sentence with: * The man**
The man who is this guy in the shower, I don't know what you said 
Another one: **Xbox live**
Xbox live in the shower and I'll be there in the city 
Me next!
Begin your sentence with: **Her majesty**
Alright, give me a word!
Begin your sentence with: **His car**
Yes please.
Begin your sentence with: **NASA wanted**
NASA wanted to ease me into metal musician and he came over and picked up like the floor.
(the fuck lol,)
game for another? 
I’d love to
Begin your sentence with: **I've been**
I’ve been trying for years to come here but it’s ok but I’ll be back again 
(Sweet)
Try: **Horses were**
Horses were there too many cat people in there and they didn’t know what about the dog 
Sounds fun! Give me a word
I’d like a word please!
Mines gonna be probably fucked. Let's go!
Begin your sentence with: **The pope**
I'll play
Begin your sentence with :**Good luck**
This is actually really creative. Hook me up
Thanks! Begin your sentence with:**The truth is**
Me too!
Begin your sentence with : **The cops** 
I’m not going on a trip or not sure what I want you guys for
just go on the trip :O lol
Yes, please. Thank you. 
Begin with: **Russia was never**
Send help
Begin your sentence with : **The batman**
The batman is not a good man 
Oh my gosh, please. This looks like so much fun.
I'm on a long car ride, what's up with all of you?
I'm hungover 😭😩
Ouch. Was it worth it?
Meh. Not really. I had a massive margarita, some fruity beer and bubbly wine.  
Any occasion or just a Friday?
Just working. Where are you headed?
Had to work the saturday. Got back home and now I'm drinking rum and watching Trailer park boys.
I did it.
👏👏👏
🎵🎵🎶🎶🎶🎵🎵🎵🎵🎶🎶🎶🎵🎵🎶🎶🎶
Hey I'm trying to sleep here
Oops sorry *turns volume ⬇⬇⬇⬇*
Hey I'm trying to party here
*turns up*
What were you doing 5 years ago?
I was 19, and starting out at my job. 
What job was it?
Was a depressed little middle school (my country's equivalent, anyways) kid. I got better.
College. 
What did you study?
Biochemistry and math! 
The two subjects I'm worst at! Good job.
What are your best subjects?
being homeless and doing all the drugs i could get my grubby teenage hands on X3 what an idiot 
I was in Las Vegas with my ex boyfriend.
I see it didn't last...
Every time I hear about a really successful person I compare their age to mine to see if I still have time.
Me too :)
I’m the same age as Kim Jong-Un and he’s got his own country while I work a standard office job.
I'm a 22-year-old economics student from Finland, currently high on LSD, AmA!
What is Finland like when you're high on LSD?
Currently Deployed overseas and finally hit the 90 day mark till I return home!
Awesome! How's the deployment going, if you don't mind me asking? 
Its going alright I'm so ready to go home and see my family
Have y'all ever thought about how weird and difficult it is to make friends after college?
Shit im having a problem making friends IN college!!
Please be my friend 🎉
What do you guys do in pure anger or sadness?
the least healthy thing 
Reddit secretly re-enabled tracking on users that had it disabled before.
All my preferences were already unchecked.
I'm pretty sure sarcasm isn't a unique personality trait
What about being an asshole? Is that a unique personality trait? I gotta be unique in some way!
What would you do if you had unlimited time?
Play A LOT of video games. 
Waste it.
I got all the time of the world,so I will do it later. 
And the truth comes out. But wouldn't wasting time get boring eventually?
I would spend a lot more time painting. 
What do you like to paint?
Portraits and abstracts. I'm also getting into rock painting. 
As in painting on rocks or painting rocks on canvas?
Painting on rocks. Afterwards, I hide them for someone else to find. It is fun. 
I love this! I need to do that.
Nothing
Nothing?
No one showed up to my 21st birthday drinks so I'm watching Netflix
Have you watched 30 rock, P and R or the Office (the classics)
I loved  the office (U.K&amp;US)  and PR, never seen 30 rock tho I'll flick an Ep on now!
Master of None, highly recommended that!
Masters of none? What's it about if you don't mind me asking
Basically a guy (aziz ansari) searching for his passion and love life. 
What would you like to say to someone but haven't?
bitch i love u
maybe they love u 2
I want to shake new mothers and tell them to stop naming their children basic bitch names.
You smart, you loyal, i appreciate you
What is your favorite piece of clothing like?
An alpaca/wool blend sweater i knit myself :) I was and still am pretty proud of that one. 
My hoodie, it's so comfortable. I can understand why girls love stealing them :(
I used to have a hoodie, lost it to a now ex-girlfriend :(
Good thing I don't have a girlfriend or else I'll lose all my warm clothes ;)
Let's be real, you are a total ____.
Try r/AskOuija 
N for no. 
L
C
O
N
T
I
Douchebag 
mess. 
I'm a mess too!  Lets be messy together!
Can I join?
softie. If you cry, I cave
HUMAN
Sociopath.
iphone 10, $999. Entire Cracker Barrel menu, $887.81
OR, iPhone 10, $999. Entire Cracker Barrel menu, $1 after lamination.
You are paying way too much for lamination. Who's your lamination guy? 
Dude don't get me started on *BIG LAMINATE!*
I just saw The Princess Bride yesterday, for the first time ever. What a great movie.
As you wish
I like to say that to people.
You haven't seen it before? INCONCEIVABLE! 
Hey op, how old are you? I want to see what age you found it to be charming.
As of today, I'm 33! 
That movie turned 30 yesterday! Such a good classic. I grew up on that and Young Frankenstein
Ut turned 30 yesterday, and I'm turning 33 today. Such luck! 
Every year I say to myself “wow last year I was really cringy thank god im not this year” and then the very next year I say the same thing
You'll grow out of it, don't worry about it.
I was like that until I turned about 24-25. Teens and early 20's can be... a rough period.
Great... just what I wanted to hear 
Oh, are you older? Sorry lol. That's just my personal experience.
Nope just in that range of high school so I’m basically fucked 
Nooo, you're still growing up. Believe me, it's normal.
North Carolina, USA
I'm from NC! Whereabouts?
Charlotte area, you?
California! It is currently 35c or 95F and its pretty awesome. 
Argentina
A shout out to the coolest and funniest accent in Latin America.
Sup dude, I was born in Buenos Aires
Alaska Yo
Hey, I'm in Australia too! How's it going, OP? :)
Where abouts!? I'm going ok. Exhausted but ok haha
How old are you all?
36 this week, not that anyone ever believes that.
I don't.
Exactly!  
You really don't look a day over 30.
*18*
Hey Margaret! Remember me?
*Yes, I do.*
What are your irrational fears?
ISS falling on my house.
Space clowns.
Seems unlikely
Not having TP when taking a shit.
I said irrational not totally valid and terrifying. Goodness 
Talking to girls
What are the pros and cons of having long hair?
Pro: You can whip your hair back forth.
The biggest pro: Girls will want to play with it 
Also it's hot in summer!
Friends? How many of us have them?
I have no friends. I have family and a boyfriend, but I haven't had a friend in at least 4 years
Your boyfriend does count lol. 
Sort of! I have a guy on here who I'm also friends with on steam and we talk a few times a year 
Where's he from?
How'd your day go?
It went well. Good day overall.
Gardening goin well? 
it did. 
My day was okay besides dwelling on shitty things
Well what are you doing now?
Just started college today.  Pretty tired after spending ten hours there.
What album do you recommend somebody to listen to?
Lets chat about anything
Just got off of work. About to order some pasta from LaRosa's and watch YT
This is my first day I started driving to school and I just ran my car into a wall in the parking
How did it happen?
I stepped on the wrong pedal lol...
I don't know what I expected lol
What are you doing rn
Waiting for a package.
What is it that you are waiting for so eagerly. 
In the waiting room at a doctor's office 
Is it for a consult? Are you okay? 
Oh yes I'm fine!  More of a check up over anything else 
Phone banking, Runescape, reddit, and applying for housing. 
Sitting alone at lunch browsing reddit
I'd join you, but i don't know if you want to be alone 
I'd enjoy the company actually, its been a lonely few months
Where are you from? I always have time for some lunch haha.
I'm pooping 💩
Uh. Interesting, I am not the only one that takes the phone to the restroom 
Waiting for class to start (30+ minutes more) and making a playlist for a friend
Watching zootopia before bed! 
Aw that's a fun one! 
I could watch it over and over!
I have not seen that movie. Also bed? where are you from?
Freeking out.
In champion select in League of Legends and listening to some death metal.
Sitting in my car waiting outside my emt class, it starts at 6 
Waiting for the OOD to sign my quals so that I can go back to the barracks and sit. 
I am sorry, what is an OOD? Sounds like someone on duty idk. 
In my Senior Design class, freaking out silently about life. Normal stuff.
Same here, except not so silently.
Watching SYTYCD.
I'm heading home from the big city. It's going to be a long drive
Just sitting around 
How bout you?
*Listenin' to a band called Low and tryin' to write something.*
What are you writting?
I will be opening up a burger joint here soon. Thinking about calling it Seymour Buns. Reddit, what do you think!
Is the mascot going to be Fry's dog?
If Matt let's me...
Burger,Buns and Amore
Hehehe buns 
But seriously where is your burger joint?
It's in the works still.  Negotiating location. 
Is this in the states?
I want to die 
Is anybody else tired of hearing about weed?
Almost literally everywhere I go. Even the basement at work smells 50% of the time 
live and let live bro, live and let live.
experiences, friends and rpgs
Ahh sounds good. My friends have kept me alive lately
oh?
Just haven't been in a good mental spot, if not for hanging out with them idk where id be
fair enough good friends can be really helpful when life gets like that
Yeah, definitely do. I hate being alone lately 
I get that. any particular reason why 
Just a lot of stuff and a rough break up, I'll be alright. How's yoi r night 
Friends, soccer, video games, lifting 
That's awesome. Ijj wanna get into lifting to some extent
A genie offers to magically add one fluent language to your repertoire. What language would it be and why?
Mandarin Chinese. So many people speak it where I live. 
Japanese so I can read moonrunes
Is it a comic book?
I just checked the census for r/CasualConversation and I'm very proud of you guys
&gt;:( I've been betrayed...
fite me irl skrub
As long as I do t get tuna and mayo with corn on a pizza I'm good.
20 Questions part two: electric boogaloo, anyone?
Other!
Is it tangible?
yes
Can I buy it at a store?
Is it something I can possess?
Does it come in multiple varieties?
Is it aesthetically pleasing?
that's opinion, but almost everyone would say yes!
Is it made of organic material?
Is it a very large object?
it can range in sizes but is usually larger
Could it help me complete a task?
not at all
Is it a living thing?
Q9: is it something most people encounter/see on a daily basis?
Is it usually smooth?
hmm, i'd have to say yes
Is it round?
Is it something that exists in the real world?
Is it dangerous?
no!
Is it something that is necessary for survival?
nooo
Is it made of one solid material?
Q16: is it smaller than a football field?
Yes much smaller, i may have been too generous when i said large
Q17: is it larger than a mid size sedan?
Q18: Is it heavier than 100 lbs?
I don't know the math but I'd have to say no, but it may be close to that
Animal
Is it a mammal?
Can it be found on most continents?
Is it an endangered species?
Carnivore?
Does it live in the African savannah?
Does it live in warm climates?
Does it walk on all fours?
Is it a member of the family felidae?
Hello, again!
**Activity**
Hi, /u/TicTacGone! Welcome back!
Is it a recreational activity?
Hope you've been well, u/pepperoni_pizzazz!
Is it something that requires skill to do?
Is it something you use your whole body to do?
Is it a creative art?
Other
Can you buy it at a store?
Is it a common household item?
I dont know
Can it bring someone joy?
Q5: Is it an electronic device?
Might someone be interested in collecting this?
Activity!
Does it require a fair bit of skill to do?
Do you use your whole body?
Fruit
Is the flesh edible?
I mean..... technically yes but no 
Is it multicolored?
It's skin is not 
Is it grown in temperate climates?
activity!
Does it require skill to do it [well]?
Can it be done competitively?
Does it have fur?
Physicist
Is this person still living?
Activity 
Is it done recreationally?
No,
It needs a decent amount of skill 
Is it something you can make an occupation out of?
Does this activity include interacting with electronics? Namely computers?
Hi i'm in my girlfriends basement
Does... Does she know she's your girlfriend?    
Yea she knows
Why don't you take a seat right on over on that stool over there
Wow, dude. Do her parents know you're dating?
Kind of. But she's not allowed to have guests spend the night and I did
was it worth it atleast
Yeah. It's nice to elude confrontations like that
I've hidden in a musky basement before too
What was the situation?
My GF was angry with me 
so you hid in the basement?
I cowered in the basement till she got tired and fell asleep
did it work?
Update: it's all good now
or is it......?
Inb4 OP did a hostile takeover of the household
teenage love. brings me back. :')
I once snuck my boyfriend in at night to have him sleep over too. Ah good old times. 
They didn't have a back door on the house?
He probably went there earlier. ;) lol
Hiyoo!!
It's five hours later, did you manage to stealth your way out? :D
Yeah they left and the coast was clear
Hey i'm in a basement too! Except its mine. And i don't have a girlfriend.
Today I tried Spotify
Spotify isn't available here, so I've never tried it
And I still don't have it available in my country...
What video game are you playing right now?
Yar's Revenge .. 
Never heard of that one.
waiting for fifa 18 right now
Infamous second son on the PS4 
I always wanted to play that.
If you have a PS4 and PlayStation plus you can download it for free
Sadly I don't have either.
What do you have?
Dota 3 and Dark Souls 3
The Legend of Zelda Orcarina of time
I have that on my Wii. It aged pretty well for a N64 game.
If the world really was ending tonight, what would you regret not doing?
I've got two people I've met over the internet who live overseas. I'd like to meet one of them. 
finishing the leftovers that are in the fridge. it was a good meal. and not getting married
Better eat those leftovers lol
Commiting suicide
Dying a virgin. But let's be honest, that won't happen in my future anyways 
not talking to this really interesting guy even after having multiple chances to. 
I think you should the next opportunity you have
IDK, I've never done acid before.
Im not saying i do or domt comdone drugs, but dont do anything stupid while on it. Also me too
20 Questions, anyone?
Famous Person
Is this person living?
Is this person notable for any scientific discoveries?
Was this person an entertainer of some kind?
Is this person male?
Question 5: Was this person a political figure or activist?
Did this person live in the US?
Do most people view him in a favorable manner today?
Did this person live in the UK?
Anywhere in Europe?
Yes 
Question 10: is this person commonly quoted today?
Not necessarily 
Are kids taught about this person in school?
No 
Was this person affiliated with any religious groups?
Would you say most people have probably at least heard of this person?
Did this person win a prestigious award for his performance?
Erm yes I'd say so.
Question 5: Was this person an actor?
Movie.
Was this movie released in the past decade?
Is it an award winning film?
Is it based on a true story?
Did this person make any scientific discoveries?
Was this person a political figure?
Yes, sort of...
Was this person female?
Is this person commonly quoted today?
Question 6: Are kids taught about this person in school?
Was this person a notable advocate for an oppressed minority group?
Sort of...
Man you're making my job really difficult. I'm hella stumped...
Can I request a hint?
He is associated with a day in Autumn.
Was he associated with a religious community?
Movie
Was this movie released within the past decade?
Yep!
Indeed it is
I fell asleep whoops! But no it is not
Is it a comedy?
Would you say most people have probably seen this film?
(Not sure about this one, I can only guess)
According to the MPAA rating system, is it a film suitable for children?
Sorry, just realized that I answered it wrong.
Yes, sort of suitable for children.
That's alright, it just makes my job a little easier lol. 
Is it an animation?
Was it made in affiliation with Disney?
Do people at somewhat frequently quote this movie?
Unfortunately, No
Is it a film made in association with Universal Pictures?
Other. 
Is it something I can touch?
Technically yes but for the sake of argument we will say no. 
Is it something people find useful?
Animal 
Yup! :)
Can someone have one as a pet?
Is it a carnivore?
Can I find it in most continents?
No, I think it's only in one continent 
Does it live in packs?
Technically yeah! I mean, the males do, but females don't 
Yes!!! :D 
Is it a lion?
Nope, but you're getting closer! 
Alright. Is it an endangered species?
Unfortunately yes :( 
Is it apart of the genus canis?
Is it renowned for its ability to run quickly?
Are you thinking of a cheetah?
movie
**Other**
Is it considered a common household item?
Sometimes.
Sorry for the delayed response.
Is it something I can buy at a convenience store?
No worries!
Is it a tool of some sort?
Would I use it in the kitchen?
Does it use electricity?
Is it considered a leisurely item?
Can I use it to communicate with someone?
Q9: can multiple people use it simultaneously?
Is it safe for a child to use?
Could it fit in a breadbox?
Does it come in different kinds/varieties?
Q13: is it aesthetically pleasing?
Subjective but yes.
Does it have s chargeable battery?
Q15: can I store information on it?
Activity
Is this activity considered recreational?
It is now; a couple centuries ago it was a necessity.
Is it something most people today do daily?
yes!
Is it an award-winning film?
yeah but not oscar winning 
Would most people use it daily?
Is it a tool of some kind?
What is up r/casualconversation, who wants to talk?
I'd like to talk! How are you friend?
Hi reddit! Do you even lift?
I used too,Not enough time lately so mostly jogging/body weight exercise 
That's great! Always feel better after a quick run :) 
Crawling out of poverty.
Cool! What job are you going to get/what job are you working?
Where do you live, if you don't mind me asking?
Probably Brazil, since he mentioned favelas...
Terribly bored, pleaz help meh
Well its 2:30 here.
Same haha
Having fun?
Yeah! Playing dark souls. It's cool 
Never played it
It's frustrating haha but it's cool. what're you doing?
trying to get tired.
Literally nothing 
What's up? 230 am here, playing dark souls
Hiya, 3:41 here. sup?
Literally nothing XD
First Day of Fall, Last Day of Chemo.
My friend is finishing chemo as well. She's about to die :(.
I'm so sorry to hear that :( I hope she finds peace and you find solace in her memory.
Yo what are you people playing right now?
Currently replaying Fallout New Vegas. I was playing through Until Dawn, but I got bored. 
Borderlands 1. A little late to the party. 
Like 10 years, or less? Not sure
2009. Pretty close to a decade. It's fun though. The graphics actually aged well. 
That art style is timeless. Have you ever played XIII?
Dare by Gorrillaz. I'm belting out Shaun Ryder's bridge as loud as I can :)
You've got to press it on you... Definitely my second favorite from Gorillaz 
What's your favourite?
Deepthroat by cupcakke
I'm intrigued. What kinda music is it?
Hip hop I think, one of the stupidest songs i've ever heard. Still entertaining tho.
up all night - car seat headrest 
Hmmm sounds like something I'll have to look up, what kind of music is it?
Find Me-Sigma ft. Birdy
What kind of music is this?
I constantly find myself humming to Wake Up by Arcade Fire, it's so fucking good!
I'll have a listen!
It's great! The game's storyline is quite dark, but really engaging. 
Hello friend, I believe you commented in the wrong place?
Doh! Sorry guys!
It's my 25th birthday today and I wanted to say hi to my reddit friends.
It's my 32nd birthday today. Woohoo bday buddies!
Woo happy birthday!! What are you doing to celebrate? :-)
Ahh, twenty five, that's a great number to be!  Congrats are in order!
cheers!
Happy birthday! Today's my 19th :)
Well happy birthday!
Happy Birthday party people! Mine is tomorrow! Hope everyone's day is great! 🎂🎂🎂
Happy birthday, OP! I hope that you have (or had) an amazing day. :)
I actually bought YouTube Red. AMA.
What was your first thought after you sobered up and realized what you did?
Well that's 10 less dollars I'm going to get to spend on LITERALLY anything else every month
Happy cake day!
Thanks! I'm not sure what that means though. 
It's your Reddit birthday. :)
I HAVE EVOLVED
I actually wish I could buy it.  I'm Canadian, though.  :( 
They don't like Canada???? It's just internet why wouldn't they let you buy it
I swear the free trial slowed my computer down because when I canceled it was fine again =/
I wish I have a weekend :(
Let's talk
I feel less anxious than I did this September...which is great news.
Might quit my job today. I know my value. Fuck it. 
What do you do to make yourself happy/stay out of a bad mood?
Finding new music or listening to favorites always makes me feel good everyday.
I'm so bad at finding new music. Definitely have plenty of classics to play but I'm 
I don't do anything. I don't even know what being alive is like, I merely exist.
Exercise always helps me feel positive or making other people feel happy. 
I really thinkin gonna get that bike, I could definitely use the exercise. 
Anyone realize they have like zero actual friends but are perfectly fine with it?
Anybody In Texas wanna be friends?
I'm thinking of moving to Texas in ten years or so when i come to America. So if you're patient
Where you from buddy?
Netherlands
Have you ever seen the Northern lights??
Whatcha doin right now?
Looking for food while I wait for a video to render. Pretty boring right now too.
What kinda food? And what video?
About to eat some food :)
I'm trying to work! Quit bugging me! :P
Day drinking, watching streamers on twitch and browsing the reddits. 
Yum, whatcha drinkin? I could use a beverage myself.
Just at the shooting range waiting for a spot to become available
I work at a call center and I’m talking to a hardcore canadian dude and it’s making my day.
I'm Canadian and I don't even think I've ever met someone who says eh all the time! 
I know I post here a lot but can someone please talk to me, I'm lonely
What do you think about the fact that r/CasualConversation is now at 250 000 subs?
I think that's awesome, really hope this place continues to grow 
Waking up at 8 pm going to bed at 11 am,  you?
Just being a depressed toad.. hopefully can be with friends soon 
sitting at work. rain is keeping us inside. maybe we will catch a break
Not bad. I wish it was rainy here. Instead it's hot and sunny
unfortunately when it rains here, its still hot. 
Ahh that sucks haha I hate humid rain 
texas, its humid all the time....
Ahhh that sucks, id hate living in Texas lol 
I'm doing laundry and watching Futurama.
Awesome, I love futurama
dude, are you ok?
Many people have told me I'm boring and I agree, what can I do to be more interesting?
I play competitive smash, that shit is pretty cool. (not really but I can pretend) 
What good news do you have to share?
I leave for college in 2 days.
Anyone on here a Gotham fan? Season 4 starts tonight and I'm hyped.
I still haven't watched last season, but I'll try to catch up as fast as possible! 
When does Season 3 come on netflix?
Oh man I only watched season 1, loved it and forgot about the whole thing!
Catch up!
Is that tonight?? Thanks for the reminder! I would've totally missed it.
i wonder when it will hit Netlix, i love it
I made a new account because I wanted to start over. This was the first sub I re-subbed to. Who wants to talk?
Hit me up, bro ;) 
What's good? 
Hey what's going on man?
I'd love to talk! What do you want to talk about?
What Music from the 90s did you like
I think I bought Weezer's Blue Album 4-5 times over the years.
Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory was the late 90s right? That was big for me
Return of the Mack
What do you think about most of the time?
Freedom, in objects, paths, atmospheres.
You, my friend are the most abstract thinker we've run into here.
A girl who has a boyfriend 
What is your favorite candy?
Beer!
Gummy bears!
Lol. Or vodka gummies
Anything by Haribo. I love gummies regardless, but they're like the holiday feast of gummies. 
Now i want the giant gummy
A gummy turkey. 
A giant bear. Soaked in vodka
Pretty much any kind of chocolate. Salmiakki (salty liquorice) is great too!
Red vines
Not twizzlers?
Nope. Those taste like plastic
To me. Yuk,
Werther's Originals are pretty good when I have a sore throat.
I love Werther's
I swear they work better than cough drops. 
I will have to try that next time
If I could I would eat Snickers and Nutella all day every day.
I love both. But together?
What are the words that you live by?
Make everyday the best day ever. :)
Fuck it
It's a phrase I use to help push myself to do things. It really works.
Go big or go home
What song are you listening to right now?
I'm listening go ODESZA, they recently released a new album and I'm going to see them live soon.
Feel it Still by Portugal. The Man.
Hey CC, tell me your favourite song and I'll listen to it and then rate it!
Currently it's Leaving by Illenium.
Orchid: Invasion USA
2/10. I tried to force myself into this type of music when I was 14? Yeah I didn't last long.
Absinthe party at the fly honey warehouse - Minus the Bear
My fav is Stuck on You by Mars Argo
2.12am and can't sleep
Can’t sleep so goes on reddit at 2am lol!
Sadly yeah. 
Which came first?
Which part of India are you from bro? 
Hyderabad, mate. Smarty-pants xP
Nice. Same here. 
Damn! Such coincidence!
I often get up at 2am. It's 1:50 in the afternoon in my region.
Oh. Where ya from, mate? 
Near Vancouver, Canada.
Awesome, man! What are you up to? 
Home from work, doing laundry, enjoying a light beer.
Are you still awake?
Yes, I am. :)
Damn that sucks
Haha xD. What time is it by you? 
11 pm :D I won't go to sleep that fast tho xD
Definitely. What up, got some time to get some shit going? 
For sure, normally I just watch a movie or something tho :'D you got an idea
Drink some water
*drinks a glass of water*
What next? 
Take another glass and throw the water out of your window
What opinion of yours has changed and why?
Used to like myself
I used to have faith in education. 
i’m bored, who wants to talk?
What's up dude? I'm about to try to do schoolwork, let's see how it goes :/
good luck! school work is the worst :(  i have a ton to do too but i prefer to procrastinate 
Yeahhh same. I'm definitely good at procrastinating shit 
it’s a bad habit but it’s so easy to just do something else haha
Yeaaah. Esoecially when all the homework is shitty reading and stuff 
exactly, or writing paragraphs for every fricking class 
Exactly dude. What do you study?
ah i’m still in high school, hbu? 
I study history and political science. How's high school going haha 
that sounds cool! high school is lame lmao i do it online so i can finish quicker 
Yeah i love what I study. What do you and do after high school?
kinda wanna do special effects makeup for like, gore related things ya know? 
That's cool as hell man
i just gotta get better at it first :) 
Definitely, that's a doable goal though I think :)
practice makes perfect right! 
Talk to me about anything. Please.
hey what kind of music do you like?
I like rap and classic rock more than anything. How bout you?
Where do you live
Upstate New York. Half in the middle of nowhere haha. You?
A hilly suburb of Seoul
Yeesh, that's kind of a sketchy area to live right now 
Why is it sketchy?
Oh man I'm from upstate NY - it can definitely get really boring and kind of lonely
what’s your favorite binge worthy tv show? 
Preacher, always sunny, broad city, and walking bread. That's more than one haha but yeah 
People tell my I'm strong and muscular but I feel super tiny
Why do you feel tiny? In height or something? 
im 5 ten 167 lbs. 
You definitely aren't tiny man 
Getting wrecked at work, but goddamn it's fun. First day on a new project and crushing it.
That's cool, what kinda project?
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plageuis the wise?
Oh many times 
You ever just thought about disappearing and starting over somewhere new?
Constantly. Especially lately. 
Where would you go?
Honestly, getting a PM on reddit is one of the best things.
Wouldnt know. the only PM's I get on Reddit are auto mods.
Have you ever written a PM to someone instead?
Uhhhh. No, Never really considered it.
It was at this moment u/Onacle_in_space knew, his world would never be the same 
Dear God!
Well don't write the person you know won't reply.
the little red circle with '1' or '2'  is so satisfying 
I just had one that said 9, it was great :)
I sent a PM to someone here but he/she didn't reply. I hope my message helped him/her somehow. 🙁
I can imagine someone not even looking at your PMs after checking your username lol
What do you find most attractive in a significant other?
Being philosophically-minded, largely easy-going, and an ***extremely*** dark sense of humor.
AMA Danish military officer.
What's your trade ? 
I'm a Lieutenant in the army. 
Lol wow weird coincidence .. probably should've read the name duh 😝
Yeah haha, are you in the military?
I was for a little tester sample lol , year and a half. I was in the navy. 
Not bad, how did you like the navy. I have a few family members in the Danish navy.
Denmark is a solid meta in r/wargame. 
Is that a game?
Do you watch football?
Hello, friend. I am a happy person. Are you a happy person?
I'm happy.  
Yay! Let's be happy, forever!
Yah sounds fun.  
I don't believe that being a happy person is a thing 
Don't be sad :( Smile, like this :)))) 'eeeeeee'
I'm not sad :)
Yay! Happy person, I love you!
I will argue with you about anything
What do YOU want to argue about?
If you wanted a serious answer, religion would be a good place to get me WOUND up. 
Alright. What is the true religion? Is there even a god/gods?
It's ok to be sad sometimes
Hitler was a bad man
My unpopular opinion is I don't like coconut, what's yours?
im trans and I dont really like trans people.
I don't like brownies. Love chocolate. Love cake. But I just don't like brownies.
Moana wasn't very good.
Peaches are awful in every which way.
What?! What about apricots?
Almost equally as awful.
Interesting. Are there any other fruits you can't stand?
Actually, the only fruits I like are bananas, grapes and apples. I'm more of a vegetable guy.
How can you not like raspberries or watermelon or gooseberries or currant?
Ranch is absolutely disgusting. 
Ranch dressing or seasoning or all of the above?
I hate Bagels and Coffee. I prefer Donuts and Apple Juice. 
What's something you're looking forward to right now?
Getting over this cold.
I'm looking forward to falling asleep 
Sleep well and don't let the bed bugs bite!
I'm looking forward to celebrating my anniversary with my SO tonight. 
I really want to get my name changed legally finally.
Take part in r/CasualConversation's 2017 census!
Tiz what do you mean on the Introvert/Extrovert question by Yes and No?
Did you proofread this at all? The intro/extrovert question makes no sense. 
Neither.
I'm a marginvert.
We exist
I love you
I'm from nz, the fact I had to choose Australia is frankly offensive
PFFT WHATS THE DIFFERENCE?
Wow....
Lol dude I was being sarcastic
I'm one year cigarette free today!
*Celebratory high five*
Congratulations ft Quavo
Ladies, a question for you
Height requirements?
I mean Danny DeVito is tiny and I think we all know what we'd do to him.
Tickle him?? 
Are people purposely trying to confuse me?
I'm a guy who's 5'11 and a half. If there are any benefits to that, they skipped over me lol.
how's the weather up there?
As a 6'3 man, height is not everything. Never did me any favors.
I like sardines. What kind of food do you like that others think is really gross?
It's not that gross. In fact it isn't at all.
Pancakes in sandwiches. It's fantastic.
Like a sandwich with Pancakes as the bread? what's inside? eggs or bacon or something?
No, like a regular sandwich. With pancakes inside. 
That's amazing!
I mean, if I though it was weird, I wouldn't do it.
Sass over, it's the best thing ever.
Smoothie with 3 eggs and bag of fruits and pickles. It's the fucking bomb
Self love is so important. What are 3 characteristics you possess that you really like?
1) I play piano
2) I'm really good at lying
3) I can easily make people laugh 
I haven't quit. 
How was your day or night?
I had a mild sinus pain so slept for few hours and it feels fine now.
That's good dude, I came down with a bit of a cold today
Finally at a point where I can stay awake at work!
Too many times I type out comments only to delete them thinking that they're stupid. Anybody else do this?
(deleted)
Genuinely life changing. I don't know where I'd be if I hadn't found this comment. 
What did he say?
Lol bless ya
I added quotes so now it should be a bit more obivious.
Lol bless me
You're now blessed
Amen. 
Eee eh yeah oh domineeeee, do a es i requieeeem /*boop*
I'm sick and talking will help me feel better, so what's your favorite thing about yourself?
Also sick.  Got a haircut today.
What is your favorite college course so far?
Do you post your artwork anywhere? I'd like to see your creations!
I was a business major but probably my favorite class was physics for non-majors
Interesting, so what is your major now?
Analysis of Algorithms.
Changed my life.
Interesting, how did it change your life?
What are you listening to #1
Starboy - The Weeknd
I mean the whole album, and not just the song.
It's my 10th album today.
This sub seems neat but what's the age range here?
I think I'm in the minority: I'm 49.
I'm 25.
I'm also 25, high five!
I'm 55.
here, have an upvote.
Eh, an upvote, you say? What's that, sonny?
i'm 17
Got a game of Jeopardy coming up at my university. Ask me any question and I'll try to answer it without google.
What is the capital city of Kyrgyzstan?
In the form of an answer please. 
Sports: Two American football teams are named after individual persons. Which 2 teams? 
How do you spend your free time?
Satisfying my many addictions/obsessions like reddit
Link Me: Pool Breaker
Google search didn't tell me anything, what is that? 
Pool Break Pro in Play store.
Thought that might be what you meant. Do you play against other people?
What do you all order at McDonald's/Burger King?
Crispy chicken burger and milkshake. 
No fries? Good choice though.
Just woke up, anyone wanna chit chat?
Just waiting to sleep and sure! Would love to chat :)
Sweet! How was your day? :)
Pretty routine and uneventful.  At least no one died.
so i broke up with my girlfriend after a year and a half this past saturday...     ;(
Don't know if I'm reading too much into this but I think I should quit Reddit.
Finally tried a Mcdonalds Filet of Fish
It's pretty decent, but honestly it's probably my least favorite fast food fish sandwich.
Are you feeling better now? You have my sympathies.
What magical power(s) would you have if you could?
There is no limit?
I would have all the powers.
All. Of. Them.
You cheated :( or maybe you tricked me with one of your Powers!!!!
You'll never know! 
I am the master of powers!
*I'm shaking in my boots*
I would probably choose to see the future, and buy all the lottery tickets :P
YOU MONSTER 
*share with me pls*
1 54 23 16 34 8
Does anyone else find it strangely comforting when they wake up in the middle of the night, to find their loved one sleeping next to you? And enjoy just touching her hand/arm lightly before falling back alseep?
Ill let you know when i find someone to sleep next to.
RIDDLES! Answer &amp; Submit some
* What can you catch but not throw?
STDs
A cold! 
* Scientists have proven that one side of a cat has more hair. Which side is it?
The unshaved side
Wrong. The outside! 
* In a year, how many months have 28 days? 
* What belongs to you but other people use it more than you? 
Your name? 
* I go in hard. I come out soft. You blow me hard. What am I? 
* You can see me in water, but I never get wet. What am I?
There was a plane crash every single person died. Who survived?
There is only one word in the English dictionary that ends in the letters mt
What is it?
Dreamt
* Whats heavier? A ton of stones or a ton of feathers? 
They weigh the same due to them both being a tonne 
I asked out a girl yesterday.
It's lovely :)
Thanks aha
That's still me. Replied with my main account
i too am op
We all are op on this day 
OP is my city
That's cool. Were you nervous?
At first yes. After a while I got comfortable and then was all good 
Sorry I replied with my main account. That's me still
Are you from the US?
If not secret, how old are you?
16
Congratulations man! Good going. Where do you plan to take her on the second date?
Thank you! By our school there is a mall and a little park. Thinking of going there.
Do you live in Surrey? I feel like I know you
Since you mentioned she's Korean, did she flee the north or is she from the south?
She's from the south. Moved here for school
You must be in some high class school if she came all the way from Korea!
I asked out a girl on thursday and she said no... congrats
Awe that too bad. At least you asked, right?
Two truths and a lie
* Im smart
* Ive taken drugs
* Never had a proper girlfriend before
Lie: Never had a girlfriend
I ride motorcycles
I'm an only child
I'm bi
The trend for the day is the 3rd is BS. Let's go with the third one
1. I own 4 dogs.
2. I am a female human.
3. I love going to the gym.
My cornea's constantly tearing itself
I am a morning person
I dislike Star Trek
I'll guess that the first one is a lie, only becasue I know nothing about eyes
Lonely as always. Anyone wanna talk?
Hi! Thanks for responding:D how's it Going friend?
I usually buy 120 eggs every week for groceries. Maybe it's time for a change?
I'd be making French toast; ham n eggs; soft boiled eggs...
I've never ever had french toast before! People keep saying it's yummy
Isn't eating that much egg unhealthy due to cholesterol?
Maybe i am weong but as far as i know that has been debunked as false a long time ago
That's like 17 eggs per day? How do you actually eat that many eggs?
I use my mouth!
You're going to have cholesterol problems.....
Man, I cant tell you how much I love the plain old boiled egg. Yummmm
Are you related to Gaston?
I'd rather be Gast*on* that Gast*off*
nice
thx
Your farts must be just awful.. ???
Must be nice. I have to pay $6.99 for a dozen eggs.
Man, i want to know your workout regimen. 
Gaston?
I'd rather be Gaston then Gastoff
Jesus Christ and I thought my Dr Pepper addiction was bad.  
If you don't mind me asking, can you uhm...
Fit in a canoe?
Yes. I'm 135 lb
I personally don't think it's un oeuf.
Settle the fuck down, Gaston. 
I'd rather be Gaston than Gastoff
You're Gaston
That's a lot of eggs! Are you Gaston? 
Get some meat, too. I can't imagine myself eating 17 eggs every day.  How do you make them&gt;
are you gaston?
Perhaps consider the suffering of the chickens for just a moment. 
Dude.  Eat more bacon.
love,
/r/Bacon
Do you ever Reddit stalk people?
So if I leave a comment you're probably going to creep through my shit, right?
Yes. u/preparetobeconfused is a very boring person.
Yeah, I'm just creeping through your post history.
😳
Similarities and Differences Game
1. Hotdog
2. Batman
3. Tough but Mustard
4. Dogs
5. Pancake
6. Hot 
We have 3 similarities!
I reply really fast
Green means...
You said go...I was just finishing the statement
Green means go :)
Yeah i know.I realised after.Im retarded sorry.
No you're not. Stahp.  You're fine
me too but its mostly because i have nothing better to do.
Hahahaha sadly, I can relate, I'm also lonely...
Prove it
Prove what?
38 seconds
let's compete then
Yep yep
Tell me your life story 
Uhhh I'm 18 years old, I'm in college and highschool, annnddd yeah...
Sure you do...
I was called handsome today.
It's always nice to get a compliment. Especially if you feel like you deserve it!
I dont really feel like i deserve a compliment which makes them nicer when you do get them.  
OP needs to deliver and let us see too! It's nice getting compliments from time to time eh?
Woah there, not yet ;)  
Yeah, i was told i had nice legs and nice hair once aswell.  
Read that as Nice leg hair
I need water too... 
Drink water fam 
Sounds reasonable
If you stay hydrated you might become even more handsome!
Dude drink some water haha
I can't help the fact that coffee tastes like happiness.
Drink some water too!
I can't drink coffee if there's water in my glass.
Get another glass. Once the coffee is done get water
Who carries around 2 glasses of drinks at once.
I wouldn't say I carry them around, but I have a water bottle and a coffee mug at work 
You go drink some water RIGHT now or sO hElP mE
Done and done.  
You should go talk to her if your single fam 
If it was that easy lol.
It quite literally is
Let me rephrase that.  
If only i wouldn't be scared of being rejected or humiliated*
Did you fuck though?? 
No.  
* something pretentious i wanted to write here * 
You think you would have got her number if you asked her outright?
Facebook is good enough, right?
My bf hates to be called handsome. But he's handsome though he just hates the word lol
Why would anyone hate to be called handsome though?  
I don't know he hates the word. maybe I should call him handsome in other language lol
Just tell him Ti Kra-si-voi  
My shitty Russian for You're Handsome
My interests at the moment are Aviation, video games, Chemistry and History.
Any history specifically?
Tea, anime and food. Also recently got into rubik's cubes and succulents.
Favourite school subject?
History, PE, physics, literature.
Literature is just a fancy word for reading 😂
Current favourites are auditing and tax. 
Odd but whatever floats your boat 
Well I'm an accounting student, so I find accounting interesting. It's not odd. 
I'm not great at numbers so maybe that's why I find it weird 
I can say I love you, go faster all hail the füher and hail Germany 
I was too lazy to do the dishes so I bribed my friend with a can of Pringles to come over and do them for me. She woke up from her nap and 5 minutes later was at my doorstep wheezing WHERE ARE MY PRINGLES
Nobody ever pays me in Pringles
people usuallu just pay me with gross money. 
Ew, money
The upside is you can trade your money for more pringles
Explain how...
Money can be exchanged for goods and services
I'd do a lot of things for a can of sour cream and onion Pringles. She's a smart one. 
You think I could pay hookers in Pringles?
How did they get _IN_ the Pringles to begin with, though?
I wish I had friends like that (or any friends...).
Perhaps it's your username....
i would do anything for a can of pringles 
*anything?*
**anything**
*what if i personally asked you to get me pringles?* 
I thought gum was the only currency that was food. 
I'll vacuum if you have any more Pringles
I did the vacuuming already, but you could wash my dishes the next time they're dirty.  
I have done far more for far less.  
I like to drive, I'll pass on driverless cars.
Likewise. 
And plus it's a little uneasy knowing you won't have full control of the car either. 
You want have a choice if they make it mandatory eventually 
Tomorrow I'm going to meet an online friend that I've talked to for 6 years!
Are you taking Nev with you? Just kidding OP, have a great time! :)
What is Nev?
What are some things on your bucket list?
Shower with socks on
Done that, 3/10 wouldn't recommend. 
I want to do karaoke at least once :)
What is the number one country on your list to visit?
Japan.
Canada is beautiful by the way. You're going to love it.
Ireland.
And Canada is great.  I'm just across a lake from it and have been there a few times. 
23
Same here
I'm 20.
29 years and 364 days.
I hope I die listening to an amazing song
Probably a Tycho song. Something peaceful.
Hallowed Be Thy Name. 
Iron Maiden?
Yes.^Up the Irons!
Total Eclipse of the Heart!
Oh man, I dont want to die listening to this song
Battlefield 4, man, that beginning was great!
What would you like other CCers to know about your country, state, city or area?
Heroin epidemic....
Midwest USA? 
East coast.
NY state.
Ahhhh
Indeed
It's been two years since I got my gall bladder removed... have YOU had anything removed?
I had my Fallopian tubes removed a year ago. I didn't keep them, that would have been gross.
&gt;.&gt;
I'd have kept them.
Why don't people use their blinkers?
People are lazy. 
Laziness?  I guess?
It could really grind your gears if you had to suddenly shift as a result.
My wife just asked if the strong winds we currently experience stem from the Hurricane... we live in southern germany.
Hahaha, she sounds hilarious.  Very cute.
yeah she has these moments where she stands on the hose (as we say in germany)
Aw haha. Sounds like she needs a globe for her next bday present. 
maybe :D
When is her birthday?
Christmas is closer, so thats the next chance
!remindme 101 days
Youre gonna hold me on that, arent you?
Yep :D take a snap of the globe
OP please deliver
You will be featured on r/BestOfReddit if you do, and so will this comment probably 
Remindme! 101 days picture of /u/Barbarossa92's wife's globes
Pretty sure it's RemindMe! without quotation marks if you legitimately want to do this 
It worked for me this was too
Oh cool, didn't realise there were different triggers for the bot. Awesome. 
RemindMe! 101 days Herzlichen Glückwunsch zum Geburtstag!
RemindMe! 101 days Find out what this means, also globe stuff 
with her grasp of geography, I hereby proclaim her an honorary American. 
Plenty of Americans know their geography. 
Not the majority though. 
Keep thinking that then. 
Plenty of non American don't know their geography. 
Sounds like she probably has two big globes already.
Big german ones. 
Well... butterfly flaps its wings and all that.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
ლ(ಠ_ಠლ)
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
Please, allow a moment of silence for /u/PleaseRespectTables.
┬─┬ノ(ಠ_ಠノ).
I wish we could make a new bot that does this to replace the old one. A memorial bot.
She sorts pretty
Shes pretty AND smart, usually. But sometimes she just has these moments
We all do. I'm pretty sure one time I said that 1+2 was 4 one time.
How does she look wearing dirndl?
Is she single?
His wife? ...
On another note...Bavaria is awesome!
Would anybody wanna have a casual conversation?
Sure! Let's shoot the shit! What do ya wanna talk about?
Hahaha. Can I pm you? Or would you rather we talk here?
Only if we can talk about all the different ways we can prepare potatoes. 
I'm in! Lets start!
Hahah interesting name. Story behind it?
Fapstrronauts are people who bascially abstain from watching adult content and masturbating.
Wow TIL. Good on you. Your self discipline is admirable. 
So where are you from?
Ive been letting a spider live under my computer desk for a week.
When I was little I brought in a worm from outside into my school desk.
Thoughts on the new iPhone 8 and iPhone 10 reveals?
Well, the A11 chip inside the new iPhone X is 3 years ahead of the top Android CPUs.
Happy with my iPhone 7 and there's no way I would waste 1k on a smart phone. 
Someone please talk to me, I'm so lonely right now
Hey. Stuck in traffic. How's it going?
Wh going alright. It's finally time for me to head to this shitty class haha. 
Lmao im fkn bored too got a final tomorrow oman.
A final for what?! Not college I imagine, it's September 
Nah actually is college. Summer sessions :/
What do you major in?
Haha damn. Math we always way above my head 
Lol final today....wish me luck!
Damn, good luck! What kind of math?
Reddit accent challenge 2.0!!!!
Ohh noooo, I'm late. I missed it :(
What's your favorite genre of music?
Ska. I love its message, style, sound, dance, everything.
Let there be rock.
I want the drums, guitar play, and vocals.
Classic rock, new, or just any?
What is your C tier superpower?
I'm always walking in the direction I'm supposed to
I believe there needs to be a class in highschool about positive coping strategies for stress, anger, etc. as well as general info about how to recognize when things are getting serious and you need to get help
I think that this should be in /r/SeriousConversation probably
Favorite Exotic Animal?
Not sure if it's an exotic animal and I'm not sure if its my favorite, but the Kiwi is cuuuuute.
It sure is! Love the little critter. 
What constitutes exotic? I like penguins, but dunno how exotic they are. 
Lol, pretty much any creature that isn't native to your country and/or continent. 
Is a Quokka exotic? I mean for an American it is but in the long run?
As long as it isn't native to your country, then it's exotic. Even invasive species count. 
I'm a project manager in a software development department.
I know very little about software but it's always seemed so interesting... And stressful...
Travel as a video operator on a big ass boat.
Free compliments
hello! (:
You're super cool :)
Henlo fren. You look good today
hi 
What it is? :P
You're great !
Hey :) Thanks for being here :) You're cool !
Honest opinion....what do you think of my username? 
I got a beard
Hiiii
Hello Mr Cool :)
So nice of you to say that! Handsome bro/sweet girl :)
Hello, how are you? :)
*hands OP a ketchup packet*
**Celebrate:** No more braces!
I love autumn so fucking much
It's almost time to bust out the flannels.
I'm quivering...
Coffee, jackets, and Jazz. Its the perfect time of year
Jazz?
Hi CC, can we please talk random stuff?
Whats your favorite t.v. show?
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo lighter?
The tiny dot on top of an i is called a *tittle* hehe
GAMERS! What are you currently playing?
Just got into P5.
Planet Coaster and Cities Skylines.
Anyone want to chat? I'm lonely.
Heyo, How goes it?
comme ci comme ca. who are you buddy? in just a few words...
I did the same thing a few years ago :) Why did you move?
Same reason you moved. 
What reason do you think I moved?
To see a different part of the world
That's a lovely reason. Did you move to a populated area?
I finally asked a girl out today
I just realized I asked you one girl out so far in my life.. huh. 
Anyway good job, man 
I was much more confident in high school than I am now. Got rejected too many times 😂
So what changed between high school and now? 
Girls didn't like me
I like you
Those are rookie numbers, you gotta pump those numbers
Time to make some babies! Haha, good luck dude! 
Or maybe friendship and human connection, rather than selfishness and the isolation that follows
I was obviously joking -_-
The first girl I ever asked out I got married to.
Fun fact, I've never successfully asked a woman out.
Am married with a child.
#life
How's it going guys?
Really trying to not eat the rest o my chicken sammich
Why would that be?
I couldn't resist. It was so god damn good. Burger spots have dank fried chicken sandwiches. 
I meant why resist? Are you trying to count calories or something? 
&gt; How's it going guys?
Terrible.
How did you get your username?
Ummm.....
Ha! Futurama fan?
0_o
So much wonder from so few words.
I wanted to boost my confidence since I was replaced by a 22 year old. Lol.
Story time? 
It comes from a manga.
What's something deeply mundane that brings you happiness?
When my handwriting is just perfect during note taking.
Wow that's a beautiful 'f'.
Have shit handwriting, cannot relate 😂
You've never been impressed by that cute little 'b' you wrote out of nowhere? 
Starting cigarette free life from tomorrow. I'm confident that I can completely quit.
You got this mate. :)
I'm confident that you can too! Planning to quit tomorrow as well, we can do this. Stay strong 
Hey everyone! I'm just a little proud of how I customised my new phone. Didn't take long, but minimalism tickles my fancy! :')
I like this! What launcher are you using?
Wow, which icon pack?
RemindMe!
Looks awesome :D Gorgeous!
Omg it's perfect 
What is the thing to understand about you?
I'm a bit harsh, but I mean well. 
I'm not paranoid. I just feel much safer when I'm prepared. 
I'm not paranoid either, I just believe in a constant state of heightened awareness.
That I secretly suffer from anxiety and don't take it personally if I can't partake in something
How are you filling your saturday?
Moving and celebrating my birthday.
What are your plans for it?
Work then homework. Not too exciting but every day is a ^papa blessing
What kinda homework?
What's your dream job?
Shop window display designer
I'm getting married tomorrow
Congrats! Open bar?
Beer and wine. Guests will have to pay for hard alcohol and mixed drinks
Any fun themes for the big day?
Flasks and tasks. 
Succulents!
YES. I totally want succulents at my wedding. Glad to see I'm not crazy 😂
Last chance for a fling
My wife and I just celebrated 20 years!
I bought a PS4. 
Alright​, we haven't done one of these in a while... TRUTH OR DARE!?
What was your most important life goal as a child?
As a child? To be a train engineer
lets do a dare (nothing too crazy)
Draw a picture of what you think /u/LionGhost looks like!
I guess this date was too crazy
Or the horrifying visage that was brought into this world wrest sanity from their mind 
What's one question you always​ wish somebody would ask?
Truth me, pal 
What's one ideal you wish society was founded on ?
Honesty. 
Truth x4
Truth, because I have a kitty sleeping on my legs.  
What's the dumbest thing that makes you happy?
Every time Dante sleeps in a slightly different position I lose my shit.  
Truth because im at school so i can't do a dare.....yet. Meet you up with a dare at 4 more later
What's your most idiosyncratic habit?
What movies could you watch a million times?
Superbad, 40 Year Old Virgin, Borat, Forrest Gump, Goodfellas
All great choices. Forrest Gump is on my list too.
The original Alien. It's my favorite monster's horror film. Oh, and the Fox and the Hound 
spiderman 2(2004), falling down(1993),snatch(2000). All 10s
how can i show my boyfriend how much i love him?
Anal
Is anyone else afraid?
Losing? Like spending it on something not useful?
How can you forget your wallet?
Can happen, but you should be more careful especially with those credit cards. 
Haha man. 
What's it with you and robots?
I feel so fucking lonely today it's unreal. I'm not looking for sympathy at all, just want some good conversation with some friendly strangers.
What do I do if haters dab back?
Anyone else remember TaioCruz's Dynamite?
Love it
Awesome awesome!
I like he song Higher much better. Definitely gets me pumpin.
It was alright
Chillen and grillen
Why are bytes in eights?
Anyone on rn?
Today is my 20th birthday 
Happy birthday :) no longer a teenager! Any plans?
I never realized internet people could be friendly until I found this subreddit.
Ayyy what's up 
This is the only subreddit I feel safe posting in. 
Hey there, friendly internet dweller. Fancy seeing you dwelling in here as well
Greetings fellow dweller.
Until the poor kid wrote about how he got deported, and then nobody was nice at all.
everyone is friendly until they aren't, or until they disagree with you. Shrug*
Hey you! You'll enjoy this subreddit! What was your favourite moment of the day? 
I ate chocolate.
This and r/crochet are my faves right now. Just good folk talkin' about stuff. 
/r/knitting as well. Such a great subreddit. 
Hello there
Pretty good, actually. You?
Probably having a small hurricane party this weekend. 
It's 2:27 and I'm a college senior pulling his first all-nighter. I'm getting married in a month and I want to say I've done this at least once. Help a brother out!
Hey! 25M on a 24 hour shift. Let's do this together.
20th anniversary of FF7
I have never touched ffvii to tell you the truth. 
Did you touch any of the others?
What's on your mind right now?
I reeeaallly need to take a shit but I'm just too damn lazy 
Lmao! You might want to take care of that. 
I have a job interview tomorrow! 
Yay!! I recently got a new job. I hope you rock the interview!
Let me know how it goes:)
I stubbed my toe on the drawer, and my cat came running to check if I was alright!
I hope you rewarded her for caring about your well-being!
I kinda want a cat. 
I didn't realize how terrified I was of becoming an adult until two days ago and I have no idea what I'm doing
Senior year of High School or College?
high school
I just want a friend.
:( 
Going alright.  Boring, but alright
That’s good! I mean, okay. Better than bad right?
Yeah for sure.  How's your day going?
It’s going okay. It could always be worse. But that fact isn’t always comforting.
Hows it going? Ill be your friend! Do you play any online games?
The closest friend you can ever have is your penis.
You seem like such a lovely person reading all of this :)
Hello, how are you today? :)
so far i'm good, just not looking forward to school. and you?
Eh, feeling a bit down, but better today than I have been other days
I showed someone my music taste other than Tristam because they requested it. Now I regret it
Living the dream, buddy. How are you?
Am doing better, having a good night with some pasta and movies. What's the dream?
Five years ago, I had planned to end my life. Today, I celebrate my 25th birthday! A reminder that there is always hope!
I can only hope for hope at this point.
I am good but thank you. Need good folks like you around :)
I'm happy that you're happy :)
Well if someone could gift me dark souls prepare to die edition on steam i'd be happy :0
Thats really kind of you! :)
Thanks! Do you have anything I can help with?
Gravity is pulling me down is that a bad thing? 
Oceans away by arizona.
What do you think of Avatar: The Last Airbender?
My friend and I have matching White Lotus tattoos so you could say we're fans 
That's nothing, I named my nephew Uncle Iroh
Hahaha, well that's also considerable dedication 
Prefer the movie
Uncle Iroh is that OG! Some jade tea and a philosophical quip here, ass whoop there. My man!
It is tied for Best show of all time.
Which word terrifies you most?
Infinite, just because it's impossible to grasp the concept completely. 
Failure. Since I have to succeed in my many goals in life or what the use in living?
Fired/Sacked/Terminated/Let Go/Laid Off
Hate
I am getting deported
Because fuck having borders and laws and shit right?
be nice to people.
That's not their MO.
You don't sound very pleasant yourself.
I was agreeing with you that that guy was a dick. I'm not sure what I've done to offend you. 
hello there fine redditor!
Yea same although I don't feel I'm extremely interesting but for sure not boring either.
You mean you haven't chatted online recently? 
You've come to the right place!
I think I have! What is up? 
Hello, I'm doing good, just kinda anxious. How about you?
Hello Mr. Bigcock. I hope that name is not ironic...
Trust me it's ironic
What song do you have to sing along with when you hear it?
Luckiest Man - The Wood Brothers
It's a beautiful song
Journey - Lights. I had a chance to see them in June. 
Ohhh that's good to see them.
Yep, it was a great show.
Ok...Thank You Mate.
It is definitely my shower song and car song, haha.
You are a Bathroom Singer....he he he...
Out of My League by Fitz and the Tantrums
and... erm...
Conscious Killer by BRMC
My friend is homeless for few days and she's staying at my place. I just came from work and saw in the kitchen that she made me a dinner. I want to cry from happiness!
Can I come over for some of that chicken and rice
Sure, just come to Poland - I think it's enough for me, her and you too ;)
I'm in Poland! So, can I come? 
Too late, we ate it all, sorry! Maybe next time tho :)
Do you have many Poland balls?!
You're a good friend for giving her a roof over her head in her time of need. 
I have a standing policy. Give me 24 hours notice and I will have a room ready.
Friend level: 9/10. 11/10 with rice.
Thank you for your suggestion!
It's all give and take c:
Unusual names
My name is Cantankerous Filibuster. 
Benedict Cumberbatch.
Omg siriuslywinchester you're still here!!!!
GREAT TO SEE YOUUUUUUU
HIIII CHRIS EVANS IM STILL HERE!
OMG YOU REMEMBER ME OMGOMGOGMOGM
Well, i named my newborn Harambe in memory of the gorilla. 
My name is Aphrodite...yes, my given name, lol.
Movies to ugly cry to.
Grave of the Fireflies. It is animated, but holy crap it's brutal.
Kimi no na wa (Your name in english). An anime love story movie.
I've heard about it and I actually have a copy. It's probably time to watch it. Thank you! :)
Big Fish is definitely a good one for crying. 
Just blew $600 at a STRIP club
I hope you got laid if you're throwing out that kind of money.
Guy I never met asked me to marry him
did you say yes ? 
Sounds interesting. What kind of situation was it in?
What do you mean
Like, where were you when he randomly walked up to you and proposed? And what did he look like?
It was on line
How did he get your line address if you've never met him?
It was on a chat thingy
lol, are you 14 years old by any chance?
No we r both adults
Poor guy. Sounds like he was really desperate...
No he's not
Are you a chick or a dude?
A chic
Are you pretty?
Yea I guess
I'll marry you.  
Two husbands.... multiplicity
So uh is he gonna show up at your door tomorrow?
Possibly
Good luck in having a life long happiness with him.
Thanks I'm very lucky
My life is kinda falling apart. Let's talk Music, Movies, Books, TV, it doesn't matter.
IT IS LUNCH BOX TIME. I'm shouting, kinda. 
I love you as a friend. 
Do you love me?
Not the first time I've heard that. HAHAHAHA!
What is something that you like to say a lot?
'Wuss poppin Jimbo'
A nice greeting that confuses people.
Now you just need to find someone named Jimbo
I got a pal named Jim that I call Jimbo
I'm assuming that you can die a happy man then?
Hey that thing is stupid.
Me- You're stupid!
that's bad and you should feel bad
Peace out, river trout! 
Usually confuses people or gets a laugh. :)
*Jesus Christ!*
Or 
*Oh, for fuck's sake!*
Name something that makes you happy and I'll add something that would make it even better
I like sleeping!
Even better with a comfy pillow and a cuddle buddy!
I like Chickpeas!
Even better with more Chickpeas!
That is true.. But you've to try harder. I want answer that is next^level
Um a thousand chickpeas! A million chickpeas! Infinity chickpeas! 
I like puppies. 
Even better, puppies that are wagging their little tails and smiling!
Are puppies ever not doing that?!
Now do orgasms!
I like band! I play tuba and baritone.
Even better with an excited audience.
Also I play the flute! 
Nice! One of my best friends in the entire world plays flute : )
My crush! Shes funny, cute, lighthearted and down to earth. :3
Even better if you two get married some day!
Whoa there, thats a long way off haha. 
Making music! :3
Femmy hairless skinny cute young white guys.
Coffee dates with my girlfriend 
ok so I have combined Beer, Drumsticks Ice cream, baths and watching TV. What else can I add.
It's my first day of highschool tomorrow! Everyone knows about sleeping a lot and studying a lot, but what unorthodox advice is rarely given out to freshmen?
Join clubs! They so aren't lame they're really fun!
Science club was legit.
Lmao that and sci-fi club kick ass
So bored...who wants to play 2 truths and a lie?
I am a lesbian 
I am not a lesbian
I am qualified to be a lesbian
Haha im going with the first one! Haha
Nah it's the third.
I'm pretty sure to try out you have to be a woman.
But then the I am a lesbian is also a lie...
Nah I am a lesbian is the one lie. I ain't a lesbian and I ain't qualified is the truths.
* I have severe myopia.
* I've never been to a hotel.
* I have three dogs.
Im going to say... #3 is the lie
Shit. You're right, only one. His name is Toby, recently turned 10 years old.
Aww! Now i want to see him hehe i love dogs!
Too lazy to take and upload a picture, sowwy.
Here are some dog emojis: 🐶 🐕 🐩
Haha well thank you!
I'm a lesbian
I am a huge Guns N' Roses fan
I've never driven a car in my life
I have a beagle 
I listen to metal music
I'm a huge soccer fan
I think # is the lie. At least i hope so because Beagles r adorable haha
There's no number! 
But I do have a beagle!
Oh oops i meant #3
1. I hate heavy metal
2. I live in a farm
3. I rode a skateboard once and dislocated my foot
I say #1!
true, heavy metal is one of my favorite genres!
Interesting i dint think ive ever rly gotten into it tbh
I have been nominated for an Emmy.
I have a bear in the freezer. 
I have eaten dog.
#1!
1) I live with my girlfriend 
2) I dig graves for a living 
3) I live in a boarding house 
Well i knowmits either 1 or 3 ill say 1!
1.  I have a girlfriend
2.  I ate cereal today
3.  I like Mountain Dew.  
Comment your name and I will explain why its awesome.
Renee 
Dickweed.
Corinna
Beautiful eastern european princess 
Tracey (I don't draw so it's gotta be more awesome than that lol)
Jeanna, you don't meet many of those. I don't like it but I don't hate it either.
Mr. Shatmypants Junior
Sup bro
My day sucks 
I sowwy :'( what made it so bad?
I quit smoking weed, vaping, and drinking soda all at once.
I quit porn recently, it is a real struggle sometimes but I'm somehow managing to hang on 👍
Just genuinely curious, what are the benefits to quitting porn?
Play the confessions game with me
Comment
Roll me boss
Comment! x.x
comment
Relationships: Which of your exes would you like to go back and sleep with?
None of them. Because I have never been in a relationship.
I see, want a reroll?
Yep
i want to play
Roll the die!
Family: What disappoints you about your mother?
Roll.
Yes boss. You got career: What alternative careers do you think you'd be quite capable of?
Cockroach salesman.
You must be very good at selling things if you can convince people to buy cockroaches!
Sex: What could be rather nice about anal sex?
Hey feel free to roll for me again I think I enjoy this game :)
Me!!
Relationships: How has your childhood made you difficult to be around?
Hit me.
Is it me, or is a lot of reddit just not nice or jerks?
A lot of the world is not nice though but no it isn't just you
Not just you.  I have to carefully curate my Reddit experience.
It's easy to be an ass hiding behind a computer. They're probably all total losers in real life.
unlike you, for course
If you try browsing imageboards, you won't take reddit seriously anymore.
Most arguments happen because people want the last word in things.
nice username had to log on my alt for this have an upbroat
I try not to be an asshole. I hope that makes you feel better.
I just had my first cheesecake!
YOU
LIAR!!!!!
I'm sick and shouldn't be consuming sweets but darnit I want me some internet cheesecake!
What games are you currently looking forward to?
Whatever From Software and Hideo Kojima are brewing up.
I've never actually played Borderlands. It looks similar to Fallout though?
Nothing, i only play call of duty.
Your in luck. Bungo said they are putting WAYY more story into d2. What do you play on?
CC folks, why are you still not in bed or asleep?
2 more hours of work
Do you work overnights?
Yeah and it's terrible
Redditing and listening to music. No work tomorrow so why not
same same. Whoever is bored can talk to me :)
Let's hear about your romance fantasies.
My girlfriend says 'lets have a threeway'
Has it been long? The duration of your relationship i mean.
Oh yeah. Years
Have you given it a genuine thought yet?
That horse is currently in protective custody
I wonder which of you is going to be in the front. I am assuming it's a male horse.
I'm a millennial who still uses bar soap AMA
WTF... people don't use bar soap anymore? I'm getting old...
Wow I'm also a millennial that uses bar soap... unite 
Same here. We're a rare breed. 
I'm a millennial that recently switched to using bars of soap
doesn't it have pubes on it?
I'm 15 and I use bar soap. In fact everyone in my house does.
It's good to see young people carrying on this noble tradition
How else do you scrub yourself clean?
Steel wool and lemon juice, for me.
Don't forget to exfoliate with the sugar.
Are you washing or make lemonade?
When life makes you a lemon...
Hopefully not the same one.
Ummm...why? Is that bad?
wait if people don't use soap bars, then what do they usually use 
Liquid soap
Plebs. I bathe in my enemies blood
But what kind of soap do you use?
The one that his enemies use
Used*
I go to the army in 8 hours.
Go show sergeant Dan what you got.
Good luck and Godspeed, soldier. You'll be fine. You are a great American. 
Thankyou for your words. I'm not American, I'll be joining the British army. I'm an Englishman 
Army boot camp is a joke. You'll be fine. 
Find the Marine.
same, joined the army today... good luck to you, man.
Share a song that you have been playing a lot lately
Nancy Sinatra - These boots are made for walkin' 
this song rips. 
I know right? It's so damn catchy 
Did anyone ever have a communist phase?
Not me.  I grew up despising all authoritarian philosophies, and have stayed that way.
In three words (or less) describe your favorite bands/artists.
Linkin Park sad
OneRepublic: a move ahead
X Ambassadors: feminist; huge activists
The Score: motivation is key
Cheerful sad songs
Who is it?
Weird, sexy, hard
Peter Pan Syndrome
Slow, accoustic, uplifting 
He is bi-racial.
I am disastrously hungover. What did you do last night?
Ate taco Bell a.d hated myself , proper weekend night
Sounds very depressing, what's up?
Oh my god same. I drink a lot of whiskey. I don't know how much. I feel terrible. 
Whiskey was my poison last night too. Today is grim.
Indeed it is. We'll make it through 
No guarantees 
Well, did you live?
Ended up going to play pool and got some pizza which cured me.
How did you struggle through?
I said in bed all day and alternated between naps and dominoes 
PM challenge. We have to PM at least twice a day for two weeks.
Is giving you one word answers okay?
Hey guys I'm 17, what's something I should know?
all the biggie parts of mo money mo problems.
No no.. it's Juicy you need to know by heart.. 
Are you excited all for the winter?
I'm looking forward to the fall, but not the winter! It rains too much here in the winter. 
What unusual things do you find attractive in a person?
I don't know if it's unusual but i really like guys with big neat hands.
what are neat hands?
Clean, soft, nails cut...
Feet...yea I have a foot fetish.
Brows
Tattoos. I love tattoos.
It's Saturday y'all
What kind of whisky? I'm drinking a Breckinridge Bourbon right now.
I'm not sure haha it's whatever they put in my old fashioned 
So, you gonna flirt with the waitress? 
do you tequila?
Never tried it! Well I've had margaritas but ya know
it'll change your life
Is that a god thing?
Getting tipsy tonight and listening to music. Will be a good Saturday tonight
What you drinking?
Tequila. It's gross tbh
I'm on my third ✌🏻
Fun! 
Got a 4th coming 
I gotchu bud.  How's it hangin? 
I'm so dam drunk yo 
What time is it where you are? 
I'm gonna take a shower with my shirt on
How'd it go?? 
I liked it
Don't lie to us, no one can possibly enjoy doing something like that.
Is this even legal?!?!?!
Men, what are your favorite articles of clothing?
Trousers with as many pockets as possible. the ones im waering now have six pockets.
What is a controversial opinion you hold on the games you've played in the past?
Call of Duty 4 multiplayer is one of the worst I have played
Men and Women, what is your opinion on beards (on a guy)
I have a goatee and it makes me look older. I am 18 years old
I just had my first kiss today!!
Bet you got a stiffy
Is it even worth debating? I think we all know the answer to that one...
OI! SIMONS GOT A BONER 
Reddit friends!
What was his name?
I'm 19 and never been kissed. I feel awful.
I'm ok just watching some better call Saul and debating if I want to grab another beer. 
I have only seen the first season, has the second season ended yet? 
Yes I think there on season 3 now. I'm currently on s2e8
Pretty good. Nice of you to ask. =]
Glad to hear that :) 
Thanks so much 
Whats new in your life?
I am okay tonight, pretty hot but cant avoid that. How is your friday treating you?
It's midnight where I am. Anyone wanna talk about anything?
Oh my. It's like 12.27pm here.
What are your thoughts on jet fuel having the ability to melt steel beams?
They will based on what I learnt on Reddit
So who on Reddit ya gonna believe?  This internet stranger or some other dude.  
The Reddit alien, he's my true friend, and he says that jet fuel CAN melt steel beams.
Am I not your true friend? 
A man has no friends
Well that's unfortunate.  
A man doesn't need fortune.
At what age did you go on your first date?
Let's just say I haven't yet.
Don't think I've been on one yet.
What hobby would you get into if time and money weren’t an issue?
Tabletop wargaming. 
ALL THE ARMIES
I think Fighting games you like most. What is your best fighting games?
Eh? Fighting games?
You don't like fighting games?
Woodworking 
Your hobbies are excellent. What types of photography do you like?
Mostly Architecture, Vistas, Family + Friends
Are you a Architect?
Speargun fishing. 
Coast cavern exploring. 
Fishing is an interesting hobby. I have also this hobby. But travelling is great. 
My weekend plans are work. Even on my last week here im still the weekend fall guy.
I think I need help
Just turned 22 today. Went to the beach and ordered pizza for dinner. Overall a good day.
just started watching GOT because someone I'm texting asked me to mmhmhm
My friends and I have wildly different taste in men
What does the guy look like?
You're in for a world of hurt if you go for looks.
Are you from NY?
&gt;deadass
Brooklyn?
I swear if it's the Brooklyn I know I might literally die laughing.  
The Brooklyn I know is in New York.
Where's the Brooklyn you know at?
Virginia.  I seriously doubt she has Reddit though.  
You sound like you from New york 
I got that from someone else too.  How?
What song do you play most often?
Blackbird by the Beatles. 
Beatles is a ever green musical groups. I'm 24 I like Linkin Park a lot
Apparently, the theme to the Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I don't understand mate. What about you talk?
According to my music app, my most listened song is that movie theme.
Anyone want to just talk about life?
Me! :D
how's life going?
Better than its ever been to me, you?
Friend moved away for college pretty bummed out 
I've been stuck on the toilet, ready to throw up for the past hour. What you up to man
Oh dang feel better:( drunk form the night before?
Anyone have any neat/nerdy collections?
I collect game consoles. 
I pray to them, the old and the new.
What's the rarest console you own?
Something called a videobrain. Which isn't great...
The only reason I got it is its pretty rare.
I no longer know how to spend my free time without a computer
Sometimes I go run in circles outside. 
Sometimes I swim back and fourth in a pool
Sometimes I fart around on a bike.
Together we could make a triathlon relay.
What is the saddest thing anyone has said to you?
Please save my baby
What was the context of that one?
Would you be my best friend?  
-Dude that I see from time to time at a bar.
What childish thing do you still enjoy?
Singing/humming as I eat, then licking my plate afterwards!
After complete of eating, licking plate also mine favourite.
It is such an awesome feeling!!
But in A party You Can't do this, because some people take it in another sense.
Sad, but true
For maintaining formalities, some times we hide ourselves, we can't do what is we like.
Disney and DreamWorks movies even though I'm 18.
Disney and Dreamworks movies are great. Do you watch Moana and Frozen?
No I don't like them.
What's your favourite movie of Disney Studio?
Its the end of the month. Was it a good month? Whats the biggest / most memorable thing that happened?
Yes, got married on the 26th :D
Congrats !
It started fine and ended up being shitty. 
What are your plans this Labor Day weekend?
Labor Day was three months ago, and I did nothing except my homework. 
Where do you live? In the US Labor day is in September.
I have been at my cabin for the past week 
Ask me a question, but then edit it to make me look bad
What do you think goes well with a steak?
Who is your favorite person in the whole world?
Currently, I'd say Bob Ross
Do you enjoy Sonic The Hedgehog?
How do you open a pack of chicken fillets?
If you're playing chess, do you prefer playing with the white pieces or the black? 
What's a weird habit you do that you're not sure many others do?
i always examine fruit really carefully before eating it cuz i'm afraid there will be bugs in it
Enter contests, win cars.
How many cars have you won
... I quietly apologize or thank my favorite inanimate objects x.x 
how many languages do you speak?
Including all languages. One.
Two fluently and one rather good.
Nice! Which languages?
Dutch, English and German. Pretty plain, really. :)
My mother tongue is Chinese. 
But I'm more fluent in English.
Two mother tongues, English, and another at high school course proficiency.
I speak Vietnamese, Chinese and English. Love all of them. 
I hate my parrot.
How does one discipline a parrot?
You point at the oven, screaming Next time!
Not a bad idea, gonna try it out.
At least you don't have hair to shit on?
Shit on his head.
On my shiny bald head indeed.
I think he means as a method of revenge, it is your turn to do the same to him.
I think he won't survive that.
I guess I should be thankful that my dog always shits outside and never on my head.
Birds don't have control over their sphincter, he didn't do it on purpose.
Anything upcoming in your life that you're excited, nervous, or anxious for?
I'm planning on getting a job within the month. It'll be my first
Going back to school, scared that's it's going to be harder.
If any of you are bored, comment and I will ask you bizarre questions from a variety of different topics.
Go on...
What is your favorite brand of toothpaste. 
What is your favorite appetizer. 
Gorgonzola!
If you could speak any language, but only know nouns, what language would you want to speak.
Latin. 
Fuck, I missed this one. Would you rather drown in gravy or in peanut sauce. 
Peanut sauce.  
Aye, my man. Favorite variety of sandwhich
Vegetable and sometimes turkey or chicken pita.
I'll volunteer! :D
Always be too cold or too hot. 
But that's not a question :(
Edited. 
I'd prefer being too hot because I'm already cold and it sucks
I'm the opposite. Weird. Favorite moon of another planet. 
Tethys (Saturn). Because it looks like the death star. What about you
Europa. Because I think of europe and I like europe. Also I hear talks of water there. 
Ah yes! There's a theory that there's water beneath it's icy crust
My turn?
Would you like me to ask, or would you like to ask me? I'm unsure. 
Ask me please :)
Oh! Ask me! Ask me!
Fun.
Favorite sport that doesn't use a variety of ball. 
I'm game
Favorite color for furniture. 
Deep blackleather, mahogany and forest green are fine too.
Favorite scent of candle?
Welp..
Am I too late to the thread?
Yes and no. I will ask you questions in a few hours when I wake up if you're up for it.
OK, try me.
Do you have a favorite word?
Tickle my curiosity
Ask away my guy
I'M READY!
Question me up!
Favorite solo instrument to listen to. 
Electric guitar hands down
Favorite song that features a guitar solo. Looks like you have a lot to lick from 
Stairway to heaven - yes I'm generic
That is a literal classic. Favorite piece of music older than a century. 
I am bored. 
Hi. Give me a topic to Google deep dive?
Ayyy
If you had to repaint your living area a bright annoying color, what color would you paint it.
Oooh ask me a question! I love questions!
Favorite beverage served hot?
Ooooo apple cider, with a bit of cinnamon. It's incredibly delicious. Good question.
Good answer. Favorite medium of transportation?
Shoot boyio
On a scale of 1-10 how close are you with your parents?
0. I have cut off all ties with my parents.
A 0, I don't have a relationship with them. 
Sorry bro. Bet it's more healthy tho. 
How's your week been so far?
Payday is Friday! Gonna get some pho!
Blissful! My week is going well.
I'm glad your week is going wel! Anything super good happen or just a relaxing week?
today i lost every ounce of self-control i had and ate an entire box of Kraft macaroni and cheese. i feel pretty terrible about myself but damn, it sure was good.
You're not supposed to eat the whole box?
I had a small bag of caramel m&amp;ms that I regret 😩
I ate half a bag of pineapple lumps and several squiggles ;-(
I am on staff duty (so I am up all night) and just ate a box of krispy kreme doughnuts.
an entire dozen??
Best case scenario, what's your life like 10 years from now?
Kitten, multiple kittens. What else do I need?
Still alive.
This was a triumph.
Turning 21, what's your best drink recommendation?
Old fashioned.
Perfect Pussy
I counted all the books I own. I have a lot of books.
Movies... we have about 600. It's terrible...
What format?
Give me... 10-15 minutes and I'll come up with an estimate of how many books I have. 
I've already waited so long!
How could a person get into drinking coffee?
Flavored creamer. 
What were you doing 20 years ago today?
Being a carefree child and just genuinely enjoying life. Ah, the good ol days
4 months old.. probably shitting my pants 
What date is your birthday?
Hey same here, what's the date?
Being birthed. 
Recommend me a song or songs with no lyrics
The Doom 2016 soundtrack.
Where does everyone live? I live in Seattle, WA
Hello PNWer. I’m in Hood River, OR. I was born in Santa Cruz, CA, though. 
I love Oregon:)
I live in Vancouver, BC. Was born in Vancouver, BC.
I would go  there before I was 21:) Had way too much fun
NYC, Queens
I have never been to NY! I will go eventually.
Born in Dayton, Ohio. Live in Canton, Ohio. For the love of God get me out of Ohio.
When I wake up tomorrow, I'm beginning my 1 year Internet fast. For one year, I will only use the internet as necessary for school work. No social media. No reddit.
Best of luck. We'll be here when you get back. Maybe a few more grey hairs though. 
Well tag him in all the good memes like w did with u/waterguy12 minus all the u/fireguy12 stuff 
No bamboozle? 
Guys do what we did with u/waterguy12 and tag him in loads of posts 
How'd you come up with your username?
It's been my nickname ever since I beat up that one bully in 4th grade.
Hey it's simple
I do. What are you going tonight? I'm sad drinking. 
Hello, from Vancouver!
Hockey fan? 
Do you really love Zaxby's?
Do you really love scooby doo?
Random shit I highly recommend to all my Casual Conversationalists
I thought that said make your own humans! Glad it was hummus
What are wires and where do I go 
I'm guessing he's just generalizing connection wires. USB, HDMI, etc 
Going to the cinema alone, slipping in some booze and maltesers...
Nothing beats it ( ´ ▽ ` )ﾉ
Does Anyone Else Feel Like Facebook Is Actively Killing It's Own Platform?
Just delete it. After I stopped using it, I found a lot more free time on my hands
Anyone awake?
Can't stop staying up to 5am here
That's quite late. 
I'm doing alright. Too much coffee late night. When will I ever learn?
You'll get 'em next time 
Got a blowjob 40 minute work woohoo
It's 3 in the afternoon, so I'm wide awake and just had some tea!
That sounds fascinating, what kind of tea. 
Golden monkey red tea from Yunnan province in China. Soooooo good.
See, this is getting intense. The plot development is real. 
I'm awake for now.
Yup! Have been having trouble sleeping since my sister died. 
My condolences. That would be hard on anyone. 
Somebody talk to me!
What's your favorite form of media?
I mean.. Reddit is my go to!
I meant like visual art, movies, music, plays, etc.
... I'd LOVE to see some good plays! Ty! Imma look into it around here!
Do you ever wonder why dogs bark and never 'meow'?
Hahahaha! Th wife (I guess ex) took all my pups! I miss them more than her!!
I'm sorry to hear that, bro. I hope you're okay.
What type of music are you into?
A little bit of everything lately
I adopted two kittens this weekend (10wks and 4 mo old) and feel my quality of life has significantly improved.
Oh, God, they're just adorable.
What will you name them? They are PRECIOUS.
well I'm still lost for the calico. My 5yo wants to name her fluffy. But she's not fluffy lol
NK launched a missle over Hokkaido this morning.
Yikes and good luck that he never hits anything but the ocean.
What cheers you up when you're feeling sad?
I like looking at puppy pictures and gifs. Never lets me down.
I'm a kitten person myself, but not a bad shout!
I listen to music that i like. 
I’m flying across the United States and would love some conversation.
Which state do you live in?
I’m living in California right now. 
I see and same for me too.
Oh nice!  I’m in the South Bay Area. 
Very nice and if you mean the area that south of LA that near the beach then it the same for me.
South Silicon Valley. 
Oh and my mistake. But sounds like a great place to lived though.
What's the purpose of your trip? 
Adults: is this really how adulthood is?
I'm not sure I could maintain good mental health as an adult if I can't even do that now ;( 
15.
What do you like most about your best friends?
Friends?
We're your best friends now. How's your day been?
Donated blood. Got a girl's number. I guess it's okay. What about yours?
I start my junior year of HS tomorrow and I haven't finished any of my summer work. I told myself I would do a good job this year, ahhh!!!
What highschool has summer work?
Summer work??? What the fuck is going on at these schools???
/r/teenagers. 
What sports do you like as a non-sporty person?
I'm particularly fond of quidditch.
What is something you're looking forward to today!
A nice ice cold beer around 1:30 or so.
Hopefully a cheque I'm the mail we've been expecting.
Aww shucks, what sort of beer!
I'm a Bud Light guy... One a day, either after work or with dinner.
I have therapy today hahaha
How do y'all get over crushes?
Time. Find another outlet for your butterflies maybe. Cute kittens usually do it for me. 
I'm just starting to realize how many subreddits have confusing or misleading titles
r/potatosalad and r/johncena pop into my mind as well
I want to chat.
I like to express opinions.
What's your opinion in the military then?
What about the military?
You said you like to express opinions. What's you opinion on the army then??
I'm liz! I like to read and hike and right now I'm a teensy bit tipsy :)
Lmfao, what you drinking?
An old fashioned :)
Delicious! I'm more of a Slivovice guy myself. 
Idk what that it
A plum brandy. 
That sounds delicious 
It's a strong flavor. We drink it for celebration in my home country. 
Hey I remember you! Gold!
I like to play the cello and I like art. All art. 
Rick and morty's eyes and rick's permanent puke bothers me so much I can't watch the show.
Just listening to it can also be funny
I can watch the show but, that shit annoys the fuck outta me.
Yep and the belching 
Puke? Eww. I've never seen the show, but that makes me not want to watch it. 
Not puke. Drool.
What are you thinking ?
I should probably go to the food place before the evening rush.
AHHhHH just watch some youtube, read books, take a nap first. 
I hate when people say they're a little OCD.
Honest question:  what should one say?
Tell me a funny fact about yourself!
I'm a 25 and virgin
Won a car in 2009; won a car in 2011.
Successful cornea transplant.
How did you win the cars?
Recently I just found out that I'm allergic to one of my favourite fruit, banana... (sad)
If it was your favourite, that means you must've...
i must've...? ; - ;
Ate them
I have a birthmark that's shaped like a shoe
Terrible Advice Thread [Game]
I can't think of anything I need advice for.
I'm having serious hair fall issues and there's hair everywhere in my room.
I dust but then it needs dusting again later.
I can't get over my ex
My car has a small oil leak. How should i fix it?
Don't worry about it. Definitely keep driving it for the next six months or so.
What are your life goals?
Long Term
-Get a Career
-Marry
Short Term
Just finish School
What stage are you at in life?
Life seems hopeless and I dont know what to do in college, nor tomorrow
Waiting to get back in school
If you post a picture of your pet I will draw them as if they are wrestlers.
Damn, I wish I had a pet. I love me some wrestling.
Imagine r/CasualConversation as a room where we all are. What is the setting of that room?
I imagine it as a simplistic monochrome black and white. *shrug* just my style i guess. 
i don't know about you guys but I am at the beach 
I can see that, beaches are pretty chill places
But the sweat...
Looking for new music. Drop a song in the comments!
Jay Park, ZICO, DPR Live
Comment a song and I'll listen to it and tell you what I think of it!
Firefly - Childish Gambino
Saturn by Sleeping At Last. My all time favorite song.
Ok how about Out of Time by Blur ?
Let's just talk
HI there, I am about to go fly on a plane home tomorrow.
Cool! Where's home for you? (You can just give me generals like state or country)
Las Vegas. 
How is it living there? 
Hi. I thought your username was ohitsmycells
Lol that would probably be cooler
Yeah.. :l
So what's something interesting about you?
Idk :(
Not one thing?
:( No. I have black hair.
Lol black hair seems nice. Is it naturally black?
Yes, it is. :l
Would you ever dye it something else?
Never. I love black hair! Would you?
Mmmm...if I didn't really feel attached to the color, yeah
:/ So what are you doing now?
Watching TV. Watching my son do weird stuff. What are you doing?
watching youtube
What kind of videos?
Hmm
Lol hey
What's the most important thing in your life right now?
College. Orientation tomorrow, first day on Monday.
What was the best compliment you've ever gotten?
When people tell me they feel comfortable being themselves around me. 
Kate felt my arm and said I had muscle
kate's a homie
Lmao you like Kanye West?
What movie(s) could you always watch without getting bored?
Tombstone!
It's amazing! It's a Western sorta! You should see it.
Number one: The Princess Bride
The breakfast club (me too), back to the future, Harry Potter, mean girls
Monty Python and the Holy Grail. Never gets old, no matter how silly it is.
Inglorious Basterds 
Still have not seen this. Might just watch it right now...
Lets play a game
1.) I'm 17
2.) My favorite band is Gorillaz
3.) My favorite game is Half-Life 2
🤔
I have 2 cats.
I have red hair.
I have a younger brother.
Red hair is true
It is true, I did two truths and a lie. I apologize, lol.
All G 
I dont have any pets. I prefer tea to coffee
You preferring tea is true
1) I've gotten an award. 2) I've been arrested. 
You've been arrested is the lie
Wrong. I got arrested at the age of 14. I kicked ass. 
My favorite band is Radiohead | I have a girlfriend
I sold an item on Steam for about $230. This was my first time getting an item worth more than a dollar.
I have no idea what any of this is. Lol. I'm so lost. 
Has your SO ever made up a lie to test if you were faithful?
Well, now you've got to tell us the lie!
If God told you that you were the second coming Jesus and it was time to reveal yourself to the world, how would you convince everyone you really were Jesus and not just a blasphemous, raving mad man?
Get Valve to release Half-Life 3
I would just say Fuck this and kill myself. I'm not interested in being Jesus.
Go to Mexico
Me: Hola soy Jesus
Them: ¿como estas Jesus?
Mission accomplished
What are some teachers day gifts that teachers will actually like?
Coffee cards? Heartfelt thank you cards? Scratch n win tickets?
Just had my second driving lesson, went kinda well!
Question about UK driving? How do you change gears on your LEFT HAND??
How'd you do it???
with our hands
Do you live in scotland by any chance? 
I live near London, only 17 years old however
Automatic or manual? 
Manual, but planning to drive an automatic once I pass my test
Today is my birthday and I have no plans
Drink 23 beers, or eat 23 cakes
&gt; 23 cakes
Ugh diabetes.
Where are you? I'm free.
Massachusetts!
Tfw it's your birthday today and you're 23. And I open this thread and see my counterpart.
Get drunk, it's a friday after all.
about to quit my job at a bar and pursuit my dream into multimedia. Taking a big leap now...
Sleep. That's my plan and I've executed greatly.
Hmm, that's gonna be mine too
Milan is too fucking hot
Need new music? Give me a semi-recent band you're into and I'll give you similar suggestions (no rap/country.....sorry, it's not my thing so I'd have no suggestions)
Temples and Tame Impala! Been digging those psychedelic vibes lately
not OP, but check out foxygen and gold celeste
Love Foxygen, but Gold Celeste is a new one for me! This stuff is so great
Check out Royal Blood. Start with the song Out of the Black.
What have you been doing today?
About to go to sleep, I am pretty tired.
Working and shooting
Doing a video on Metro Circle Lines
I met a Russian today and it opened my eyes
How did you consider Russians before all of this? 
Russians are hard on the outside, but complete sweethearts on the inside. 
What songs do you listen to when you're deppresed?
Lo fi hip hop is pretty soothing. 
Stan by Eminem 
Have a listen to some of NF if you haven't. You might like some of it.
What was your first kiss like?
I'll tell you when it happens :(
*le sigh* me too :/
You're probably young though so you have time!
Hey, you do too! We're in this together!
pffft I have had tones of kisses I AM SO POPULARS AND COOLS HAHAHAHA
There seems to be a lot of brits in this sub. Is there a reason for that?
This is certainly a more friendly place for naturally timid people such as us Brits. 
I do agree :)
London, baby !
I've only been a few times, last time I went was in January for a date, was kinda meh.
What was meh ? London or your date ?
The date. London was pretty alright.
Where are you from ? Yeah I really like living in London, people think I’m crazy. 
Nottingham. I moved here for uni, shitload better than where I grew up.
I didn’t grow up in the uk so I do t know much of England unfortunately. 
Tell me about your crush!
Nah lol livin that single life forever. 
Go you!
Isn't worth the drama, relationships fail a cost-benefit analysis. 
Hayley Williams, if you’re reading this, here’s an Apple. 🍎
You're my crush 
Dinner!!!
Got some 4 Cheese Ravioli and garlic cheese bread calling for me when i get home. 
10am on a thursday morning here. Just cooked oats for breakfast :D 
So what you having for dinner later
its 3am here and all of u guys r making me hungry :P
Lol get up and cook
Cheesy potato broccoli soup
No meat?? You just gave me a for dinner tomorrow!!!  Not in soup form tho
I will probably order a chicken sandwich.
Lets Chat About Anything #4
I have no idea what to talk about, just want to talk.
thats cool, how was your day?
Stressful as always, how was your day?
What's one thing you're looking forward to today?
Cooking some things for Thanksgiving 
I'm looking forward to you responding to this comment. :P
well wait no longer :3 I'm here. 
My dreams have been fulfilled!
*high five* 
First class of BJJ, been interested for a while and finally decided to
What's BJJ? 
i went on a date with a dream guy today! Jesus. he is so perfect! but i was so awkward, i acted like a literal potato! how was your day?
Another senseless day, being 19 yo ugly guy sucks as always.
Don't worry. He's probably thinking the same thing.
Ask me any questions and I will answer them!
What do you think look better on men, boxers or briefs?
Not the OP but I had to chime in...boxer briefs are my favourite on dudes.
I didn't even think about boxer briefs, but I have never owned any, how comfortable are they?
What is the air speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
Haha love that movie! But apparently the answer is 11 meters per second
Yaaas
Do you smile at random people?
I don't because people would get creeped out.
I just received fan mail
I'm going to check out your band later. Good luck at university!
I'm not even sure if our music is still online...thank you!
If this is you, you've even got a YouTube channel, lol
That's us! 16 y/o me on the drums ahah
🕥🎹📣📲🎶📞🎹🥝🥝🍄🍞🥝🥝🍇🥒🌶🍅🍍🍍🥐and I 🍐🍄☎️ have a pais d 🥝🥝🍎🍇and 
where about in Wales are ya from mate?
If it's on Spotify or YouTube, I'mma definitely check it out.
No Kissing in the Gymnasium? I remember you guys!
Wait...you knew our music??
Truth or dare!
Truth...
Why did you start using Reddit?
My ex made me one
I became hooked 
We broke up
I made a new one 
Here we are. 
Sorry to hear about that. At least your love of Reddit remained 
Mainly because I wanted to participate in some of the sub related to what I like.
Met good friend's girlfriend, she didn't like me. He told me she said it's me or her.
How long has he known her?
A year, he started dating her a month ago. 
Wow. Kinda a dick move on his part.
Obviously most of the blame goes to succubus girl wonder.
I agree. Maybe our paths will cross again in the future. 
Try to be there for him when she inevitably fucks him over, too.
You're right, I can see that happening. Which will suck, because he isn't a bad dude. 
Sorry to hear that chap.
What would 13 year old you be most proud of current you of?
Probably how ive managed to learn to face some of my fears.
What were some fears?
Ask me a question, then I´ll respond and ask you a question!
Are you a dog person or a cat person
What are your go to pizza toppings?
What is your dream car?
I'm too lazy to go to the gym today. What do I do to overcome this?
Favourite biscuit variant? Mine are shortbread.
I have an in person job interview today for a career opportunity in my field. After months of phone rejections, job applications, a messed up laptop, eating ramen, I finally get to see someone face to face for an interview.
GOOD LUCK! ITS NOT YOUR LAST SHOT, LOVE. 
AHHHHH!
I know, but I always get my hopes up for no reason. 
Never forget it's not your last shot! Be persistent! Have confidence!
Grab’em by the pussy!!
Good luck. Hope you crack it. 
Goodluck man!
What do you look like in your dreams?
I don't think that I have ever seen myself in a dream. I wonder what that means 
I see myself with bangs and dark hair...sometimes I don't have a body. 
And what's your hair like in real life?
Long and brown, no bangs
Why are you up late?
It 11am over here, I'm about to head over to campus.
Heartbroken. 
What are your 2018 travel plans?
Poland. I want to see my ex lol
How does that work? Haha 
You just made this weird. But thanks
Love is weird?
... We’re cousins.
Lets go bowling
Are you trying to sell me chocolate or what?
Did someone say *chocolates*
I remember when they first invented chocolate. *Sweet, sweet chocolate* 
I always hated it!
WHATRE THEY SELLING??
THEYRE SELLING CHUAHKLATES
I thought you would never say it! It's been 24 years!
I was busy, god
WHY ARE YOU ALWAYS TOO BUSY TO LOVE ME
Prove it!!!
Get to know me, I bet you'll fall out of love for some reason :)
Why would I get to know someone I already know everything about? 
It's not like I like YOU, or a-anything
B-baka!
why
Aww! This is like him to me....
At least buy me dinner first
I don't know you anymore. 
It was a **mistake**
Was it **really**?
HE KISSED ME WHEN I WASNT EVEN LOOKING
How were you not looking out the front of your face?
He was wearing all camouflage 
Camouflage doesn't make people invisible when they're that close. 
Aww thanks, lol. Love you too.
It's not you, it's me.
I am going to make assumptions about you based off your usernames.
Hit me with what you got!
Do mine thx
You like to takes things slowly. You enjoy your me time and rather not have to socialize a lot. 
Dang, I was late.
-leaves pie for you- 
It's a shame this is closed. I'd be low hanging fruit.
This will be fun
And well you should!!
You try to keep things simple because if not you get overwhelmed. 
Seems interesting enough, why not 
I'm very interested in what you have to say
What are your guilty pleasure songs?
Abba. 
Africa by Todo
A homeless woman teaches me a lesson.
this post was what i needed to get through the morning, thanks OP!
Choose one - Would you rather??
Could I choose the first one but still eat and keep my perfect body?
Good question..haha, I just modified the question to account for this.
Yeah, in that case the answer is I'd take neither. 
That's not how it works lol
I want to change and become a better version of myself that I can fine with. 
Do you know how you would like to be?  
No :(
It is hard to make general changes.   Can you think of something concrete to change?
It's hard when life doesn't go as planned. 
In the middle of writing my personal statement OMG it's really hard
If anybody is still active in this thread, please celebrate my 100 days on reddit with me :)
What small thing do you love?
When someone tells a joke that makes me legitimately laugh, not just a polite/ mandatory laugh 
It's pretty hard to find someone who can do that. 
I just witnessed a girl at the gym turn on the treadmill to the highest setting. She had both feet on the side of the machine while she was on her phone. She did that for about 30-40 minutes without ever running. Then, she left. It was the weirdest thing I've ever seen, what's your take on it?
App connected to the treadmill, posting huge results to a profile while doing nothing.
Some people are so hooked on social media it's become reality for them.
Just look at reddit.  People think this shit is real life.
Maybe she was training her phone?
Maybe she fully intended to run, but got trapped in the one more click cycle.
Quite possible. But, why did she have the treadmill running? 
I'm just surprised how she was able to stay in that position for so long.
A lot of practice.
Standing Therapy. 👍
She can do it on her back, too.
???
(I was making a joke about her having open legs)
She’s probably going there just to say that she goes to a gym.
She was recording her heartbeat for this other girl who wants to be an astronaut.
Bruh you reached all, congrats
Thinking about moving in the next two years. Can you tell me why your state or country is a great place to live ?
Do not move to Texas. 
Iowa has little crime other than idiots doing their thing.
about to pull an all nighter, any tips on how to pull through even if i feel like death?
Coffee. Lots and lots of coffee. 
I'm about to ask out a guy I like later today, and I have a lot of nervous energy!
I have no good advice to give but I wish you luck :) keep us informed, you can do it ! 
Thanks so much, I really hope it goes well haha, I'll let you know how it goes :)
Go for it! Tell us how it went :)
What shirt are you currently wearing?
My shirt has a cat on it wearing glasses, with the caption nevertheless, she purrsisted.
Bored small town young woman. I really need to talk to people about anything. All my friends are currently out of town.
What is your biggest realistic fear?
Not being loved.
Where would you like to travel to? 
I like the sound of typing on a keyboard
I type with one finger.
that must take a while...
Yeah it takes me forever to type. 
I like the iphone keyboard pop noises a bit. 
My bf just got a mechanical keyboard and I love the clicky noise
ohhh aren't those the keyboards that have the really thick keys like an old iMac keyboard?
Get a cherry bridge mechanical keyboard, Once you go clack you don't go back.
I want one so bad! But I have a laptop and no place for a desktop :(
Get a lap desk, might give you enough room for a keyboard.
Yeah... but even then I don't have a place for an actual computer. My room is heckin' small 
What is the meaning of life to you?
I've heard that before but what does that actually mean?
It is the answer, but what is the question?
So the meaning of life is 21x2.
That can't be the right one. 
Is it 43-1?
Can't be it either.
If the answer is 42, then what is the question - you seem to know...
To take a shit, and maybe fuck a few hoes 
Whoa there, buddy, don't get too ambitious!
I am a pawn. My purpose is to survive. 
Do you get a say in  life as a pawn?
Do you feel conscripted? 
No, not based on what I googled. 
Glad you feel that way, Pawn. 
-_-
Ever see GoT where Theon Greyjoy *actually became* Reek?
I've never seen that show. 
There are lots of pawns in that show that you could relate to.
What are your dreams?
I don't know but it's nothing you said. 
1. Let life play out however it does
2. Find a good death
I bored want to talk?
I wish I was loved. 
Whys that?
Because it would make me feel happy and satisfied. 
I see, What other things make you happy and satisfied?
Food and maybe working out 
Maybe you can meet some one doing those things?
You could meet someone while doing food?
Cooking food maybe, I don't know.
Like a cooking class? That's a good idea. Take a cooking class, /u/-DemonicBunny.
I'm poor. &gt;:O
Rural Midwest, Where are you from?
Leicestershire UK
Nice! Any cool things going on other there?
Not really, I’m moving next year though 
Where to?
Liverpool. I’m going to university! Excited
Why do I get my energy back once the sun goes down?
Maybe your a vampire.
I'd definitely look into it.
I seem to lack the hunger for blood though.
Who is the GOAT?
of what?
Do you have time to discuss our Lord and Saviour Arceus?
So, a little mouse just came in my bathroom and asked me to open the door so he could go outside.
He's your pet now. You've just let him out to potty. At least he's house broken. 
And I'm totally ok with that.  =) 
..... Until the neighbours complain about the noise. Lol.
They better not here a squeak out of him
And the red motorcycle 
It’s a scout, he’ll bring reinforcements soon
Make sure your Carbon Monoxide detector is working.  You could be trippin balls!
IAMA freelance astrologer, post here for a reading of your chart!
I'm a Scorpio, birthday within the next week 
Let's chat
hey! what is up OP!!!!!!
Hey how are you doing?!?
Great, I was feeling a bit starved for attention.
Im really good thanks, how are you?
Meh. My laptop broke last week and I hope to get it back tomorrow.
What's a song you can't stop listening to lately?
I’m in control- AlunaGeorge
I actually haven't listened to AlunaGeorge yet, but I've been meaning to!
Due to a typo by our IT department, everyone has suddenly started calling our coworker a different name and I feel like I'm living in the twilight zone
I was blown away by the fact that Grey had a broken email. 
lol! He prints out all of his emails, it's really cute. 
Do you work in the parks department 
Came here for this. Dammit Larry/Garry/terry/Jerry/Gengurch/Gergich!
Wow I love Brazil
What are your short term goals?
- Find a new job
- Find secondary income doing something I love
- Travel more including Asia
Get on a PhD program.
Spend less money on frivolous shit.
Run 8 half marathons.
I woke up to 3 random people sleeping in my garage.
You Kiwis really are so welcoming. And you don't even realise it.
Yeah, I'm Canadian, and I would have flipped my shit first and asked questions second.
And I thought Canadians were friendly...
You don't keep your garage locked???? Is that common?
That went way better than I expected it would. Also, I live in Dunedin!
It's the nicest little town! So many old hippies and dogs! 
And students, you can’t forget the students. 
You think?? I rarely see anyone my age around here unless they're working at the hospital! 
How did you meet your partner?
I haven’t.  My partner is but an illusion of hope
Let's debate something
Traps aren't gay.
Or are they?
Obama wasn't a good president. 
But he was
No :/
Yes-_-
economy, geopolitics
Obama care
Yah
Not really
I don't think you want a real argument. 
I think I do want a real argument
I don't think you do. You didn't provide any basic ideas that you wanted to argue about. 
I'd like to argue about anything 
What's your favourite Tarantino film (that isn't Pulp Fiction)
That one episode of Jimmy Neutron where he made a cameo for some reason.
Jackie Brown.
Make me laugh and I'll give ya gold
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
An investigator 
lololo :D
I think you laughed more than me :P
It just needs practice. Keep trying harder and you'll be laughing too, you're almost there.
What's green and sits in my hand?
This invisible cabbage 
But then how would you know it's green? Hmm. 
Because of the smell.
Whats yellow, has one arm and can't swim?
An excavator
What do you call a werewolf that doesn't know it's a werewolf? 
An unawarewolf. ^-^
Do you have a parrot?
It seems like you need a cockatoo
What do you call a man with no arms or legs floating in a pond?
What? 
Bob
Matt. 
What do you call a woman with no arms and no legs on a tennis court?
Annette. 
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs hanging out on the wall?
Art. 
What do you call his arms and legs?
Pieces of Art. 
What's the difference between a piano, a fish, and a bucket of glue?
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish
When was the last time you cried?
when my cat died roughly a year ago. 
this very moment .. [beer]
What’s your constant source of happiness?
Post Rock and memes
I turned 17 years old today. I'm spending the day alone with my family because I don't have a single friend. I did the same exact thing yesterday on Halloween.
As a fellow loner, I wish you a very happy birthday and all the best with everything.
Let’s start a complement chain! Everyone complement the person above you
You have a beautiful mind, for coming up with this cute activity to spread happiness :)
You seem like an intriguing person.
There is a fine line between optimism and lying to yourself.
Your hair smells very nice
I just showered too!!
Soup is delish! 
Wanna chat? me too! let's argue about anything, let's make it interesting :D!
Wattup. 
I just failed the fuck out of my exam!
Nah I'm going to remain chill. No need to argue with anyone.
15 words or less - What are you thinking about?
popcorn books and lunch
Could these crackers collectively work as a weight?
If you have enough, yeah.
Waiting for this Atlas 767 to leave so I can go home
My throat hurts, I don’t understand electric dipole moments, pizza sounds great 
I don't understand electric dipole moments either.
Yes I’m way over my head in this college thing. We’ll see 
How many credits this semester?
What should I have for dinner?
My hedgehog, Spider-Man (reading old issues), and how cold I am. 
What's your hedgehog's name?
Link
Wondering if I should keep drinking this rum..it's bloody good rum.
Whether I should get a shower or not. How done I am with college
What's on your to-do list today?
Clean up Halloween and do homework. 
Aaaand get ready for Christmas!
I got blackout drunk last night and woke up in my room with pajamas and a trashcan. Let's chat.
What do you think you drank? I always like hearing about *what* made people blackout drunk.
vodka and molson..............
Haha oh yeah that'll do it.
Do you recall ever putting pajamas on? If not, do you think a friend helped you into bed?
probably my housemate. but i dont think shes at home rn. idk.
It's worth asking her at some point. Besides that, is there anything else you recall?
Ahhh I miss nights like those!!
could you say its...time for a risky whiskey? 
on a tuuuuueeeesssdaayyyyyy...?
halloween
Why I stay silent on reddit
The key is not seeking validation.
I validate your comment.
I validate this validation.
I validate this validation of a validation
I validate this validation of a validation of a validation 
I invalidate everything above, and below
I invalidate this invalidation on everything
I validate this invalidation of an invalidation of everything
I validate this validation of an invalidation of everything
Does anyone validate parking? 
Does anyone validate /u/jaidon_thezombie validating parking?
I invalidate this Reddit comment thread.
Does two invalidations make a validation?
Every joke wasn’t taken!!!
I validate this comment
who gives fucks
I invalidate this
crickets
Well then
tumbleweeds
Oh. This isnt funny to you
it just got a little funny
It was actually lasagna on toasted German bread, but yeah
Well what are we on reddit for, then? 
I'm on here for the porn.
And Dad jokes.
Completely unrelated.
Daddy issues?
I just like cheesy jokes and titties.
I disagree with you :')
NOOOOOOOOO
That joke has been taken, dude..
WHY?!!!
I just shitpost
I like a good shitpost every so often
It's a morning ritual for some
SHITPOST MEMES ALL DAY
I disagree with you.
1: Been on r/DestinyTheGame recently?
Yep! I tried to speak my mind once and got instantly flamed for it
My answer to all of those points is: who even fucking cares? 
I do?
You... Should check out r/isfp maybe.
I disagree that everyone will disagree with you ;)
Lel. I will check it out
Hey, how do you call a beef with no legs?
man just speak your mind. let the downvotes roll in. You'll be surprised how often they *don't*.
I do speak my mind. I hate when im downvoted for a different opinion with reasonable backup
This is basically how people in general work. Fuck them just do you. 
I think you give too much of a fuck.  
Yes i do. But not anymore
You shouldn't! You got gold and front page, hell with all the haters YOU ROCK!!!
My sneezes are 90% AH and 10% CHOO
JAAAASCHHHHHHAAAHHH! I guess that's how I sound.
Sneeze and a burp? Interesting combination.
What's your ultimate goal? Bucket list item etc.
Live in a one family two story house
That's pretty nice dude
Lol'd at the third goal
What's everyone's favourite song?
Right now I really like Absolute in Doubt by lil peep x Wicca Phase Springs Eternal
I've never heard of them before, but I think they sound interesting.
Blood Eagles Carved on the Backs of Innocents - Anaal Nathrakh
Toot your own horn! What are you exceptionally good at?
I've played the cello in a Czech orchestra and have written a lot of scores!
I am very smart
I too watch Rick and Morty 
My Sunday dinner was awesome, what about yours
I had microwave ramen.
What kind cause chicken is my favorite
Same, but I like my noodles more crunchy and with an egg if I have any
Sounds delicious! I'm just headed out for a late lunch now at a Korean restaurant. 
What are you getting from there
Spicy pork hotpot! 
It has spicy and hot in the name.... Don't do it!!
You're not a fan of spicy food? I love it!
I can do some spicy food but Asian food is not one, Asian food spicy is butt on fire
I love all kinds of Asian food! Luckily I've never experienced that problem. 
Lol then good luck, what's for dinner tomorrow
Not sure yet! Haven't even decided what tonight's dinner will be! Maybe pasta. 
What kind of pasta??? 
I'm thinking cheese tortellini!
Never tried it??? What's it taste like
Just pasta with cheese inside!
Like Cheese Manicotti or ravioli
I have been single for one year today
The fact that I have the day off tomorrow, no meetings, lectures or seminars. woot!
Nice! What're you going to do? 
Probably same thing I always do, a bit of dissertation work and a whole lot of nothing
I'm so white middle class I have 'good' yoga pants and 'bad' yoga pants.
Do you have a pair for yoga? 
At yoga pants white or middle class? 
Middle class. People of all races wear yoga pants. 
How are you guys spending your sunday?
Football!!!!!! Lots and lots of Football!!!!!!!
I did it already yesterday 
College???
football 
Soccer right
I just had my first kiss! :) (and I'm super happy)
I'm 16, a junior in high school.
I would love to meet every single person that was born on the same day as me and have a conversation with them and talk about what we’ve done with our lives and what we’ve accomplished/been through.
There's only 12 months 
Australian thread.
Ohh haha sweet! Hope you find done people that were born the same day as you that'd be awesome 
I would feel like a loser omg
I wouldn't need to talk to them to feel that way
15 march 1998 here, that would be interesting.
12 march, how does it feel like to be a pisces?
WARNING:  potential monkey paw wish
Any november 3rds out there?
omg
a 12/11/98 baby here
so, you were born on Friday the 13th?
11th Dec represent! Quite a few years younger than me though. Get off my lawn.
Dec 11 here as well. ‘84
November 12th or December 11th?
Hey I was born on November 30th so we’re kinda close, same year too!
There should be a subreddit for this.
Any 25 September folks?
oooh, I'm close. 28th September!
November 13th 1995! Luckily on a Monday though 
I was confused how you were born on the 13th month
I figured it out
Australians exist too. :( 
You mean the rest of the world
Is it only Americans who use mm/dd/yyyy?
Mine's August 23! :D 
ayy what year
Any 24/05/1997? Although you're all probably stuck in uni/college stressing about studying 
Sounds like a great new sub idea!!! 
Any 12/Feb/1998 kids around here?
July 12th! 
Not too far off, July 7th!
One of the closest I've seen so far! 1995 also?
Which one is the thirteenth month? 
11th is November, right before December which happens to be the 12th
I was born on November 18th, 1991. Anybody form that time??
I love this idea! I was born on 8/8/88. Anyone else?! :)
Jesus everyone here is from the 90's... I'll see myself out
26/11/1998 anyone? :D 
Is Khaled only 18?
My birthday is the day after yours :) 11/14/95
good idea. 25/03/1996 
I ordered a hundred rubber ducks three minutes ago and I've been listening to Christmas music for three weeks now
That's hilarious. How much did it cost you?
You'd be great pals with u/fuckswithducks 
Paging /u/fuckswithducks. 
That's exactly what I already did
Test 1: u/Realblazestorm
Both appeared in my inbox
Did one appear as a reply (ie someone commented) vs a message or notification?
Test 2: /u/Realblazestorm
I hate watching my husband play video games...he sucks.
I instantly assume the OP was gay, and I feel kinda sexist for it now
I'm getting married!
Congratulations! I'm marrying my best friend in 3 weeks! Love is a wonderful thing isn't it? 
Congratulations!  How did the two of you meet?
That's so exciting!!! Congrats!!! How long have you been with your fiance?
My condolences ;)
I don't really think that that's the best word for it lol
It was a joke because I'm sad, lonely and don't think anyone deserves happiness. 
Seems a lot of saddened people are on here tonight.
You seem nice :)
So do you, mate. :D
What have you guys done today?
Pretty much just woke up and watched Stranger Things season 2 
Nothing yet. Just woke up! Going to head over to my SO's place in a little bit. 
Wassup. I'm just lying in bed being unable to sleep, wbu?
Trying to sleep too😁
What time is it where you are
What are you eating/what did you eat for lunch?
I just had a bowl of cereal, because I'm sick.
I feel bad for you and musicals4life. :( Get better soon!
A nap. Poor mans lunch.
Three plates worth of fries.
I went on a second date last night. Our first date was 15 years ago.
You smash?
Having a really rough week, someone talk to me about anything?
Should I eat leftover pizza or  turkey sandwich with dorritos?
damn those both sound good. what are you in the mood for
Its quality pizza, but fucking dorritos? 
put doritos on the pizza. boom. problem solved.
Listening to Octavarium by Dream Theater for the first time; it's quite an experience.
I've never heard of it! You like it?
Same.  Do you have any weird talents? 
I had a shit week too. The company I work for sucks and I hope they go out of business. 
20 year old girl bored while my boyfriend plays PS4
So, does he do this often?
Makes you a great girlfriend
What game is your boyfriend playing?
Do anything fun/exciting lately?
I was recently thinking of doing a massive test on the Hitler Wikipedia game.
What podcasts do you listen to?
Clark Howard
I like the Rooster Teeth one.
Paging the Tims of /r/HelloInternet!
The time have arrived!
How do you guys eat your pie?
With a lot of cool whip!
Warm, with vanilla ice cream! Other than that I don't really have a technique. 
You have ice cream with a pie?
You monster.
It seems to be the norm where I am. 
Pies should be doused with gravy and nothing more!
I just love the smell of Home Depot
Home Depot is alright, but small hardware stores smell even better.  All the scents at once.
I love the smell of un-subtle advertising. Sooo good. 
When I was a kid I used to love the smell of an ace hardware 😂😂
Let’s play two truths and a lie!
I'm going to guess #1 for you.
1. I'm 1 of 7 siblings.
2. I play piano.
3. I love peanuts.
I’m gonna guess #3 for you! 
1 - I like avocados
2 - I like DC superhero movies
3 - I’m Jewish 
Hmmmm. I’m gonna go with #2 and say that you prefer Marvel. 
My girlfriend just broke up with me
Go read One Piece! It will make any sad moment of your life better
Who is it by?
It's snowing in Wisconsin.
Fucking Wisconsin, man. Too cold.
Anyone else not throw parties cause they’re scared no once will show up?
If you throw a party within a 3 hour drive within my location, I will come. No joke.
Crossing England on foot, halfway there! What are you up to guys?
You're halfway there? Are you, in fact, living on a prayer?
I just got my license. I'm so happy.
I really f-ing love Candy Corn.
Me too. I also love mellowcreme pumpkins
DAE eat it one color bit at a time, tip first?
I honestly thought i was alone in doing this. Internet buddies!
I haven't had those in like a decade. How would you describe the taste? 
Pretty much how they've always been, like highly concentrated sugar. So if you like sugar...
We can agree to disagree on this.
I honestly don’t like candy corn but i bought it anyway. I really enjoy the texture 
Yeah, it's hard to describe but I like it too. Almost a sort of waxy feel.
Try it with peanuts.
Don't really like peanuts, unfortunately.
What's candy corn. I'm Scottish so I've never had one
They're basically candy forms of concentrated sugar. They seem to only be popular in the US.
What flavour are they?
Can you remind me of any song in 3 well formated words or less?
Hello it’s me
Adele - Hello?
Off to a great start
One more time!
Rats. Ya got me.
elected electric spy^y^y
Tiny dancer 
*bustle...hedgerow
I have no idea man
Willy wonka 
All I can think of is in a wooooord of pure imagination
But I feel like it's from a rap...
It's on macklemores new album titled Gemini
I knew it! Exept I really didn't. I'm going to give it a listen :)
Btw I'm probably gonna comment a ton cause I love this idea lol
This is gonna be a train wreck because I don't listen to that much rap
Sex, money, murder
Aka my average friday nights
.
Yeah, I got no clue.
*like gah damn*
I feel like that could be anything
It can, but bonus points if it's what I think.
YOUUUU
[Wow. With one word too.](/s Soulja Boy - Crank That)
I chime in...
D-did you or will you? Because if you did, I have no clue.
Hip hip
HEEEYYYYY    YAAAAAA
Some AC/DC song probably xD
haha but nah it’s “Hey Ya” by Outkast
Gonna roll me 
Plz no more Smash Mouth - All Star
“Gonna get ya” 
[Clutch](/s Jimmy Hendrix - Foxy Lady) 
Love that song.
Hurricane
Dude there are too many songs
Still hanging out with friends in high school?
Yup, I'm seeing two of them next week, and we graduated over 15 years ago.  
Oooh, nice! Have fun!
No, I don't see any of high school classmates anymore.
Just got rejected, try and cheer me up Reddit.
By even trying, you have more courage than most people including me
History is really interesting but school just made it boring.
GRRM partially based Game of Thrones on the war of the roses I believe too. 
Yep GoT is basically the war of the roses with dragons lol. 
Working overnight
What kind of overnight shift?
Front desk at a hotel! Currently running the nightly audit. 
any exciting guests coming through the doors?
Where do you live? 
Anybody up? I'm drunk and lonely.
I'm stoned? Does that count?
Close enough, I'll take it. What's on your mind?
I’m up and sober sadly. 
 Unless there’s wine I forgot about. 
Find that wine. I believe in you. 
Damn, was gone for an hour haha
What are you allergic to reddit?
Easy to avoid, but I do miss eating them. 
Honestly just want someone to talk to.
hi man 
Hi. 
hey 
how is your day?
I'll look into for sure!
Hey how's it going
It's going alright. How about you?
Good as it can get while in math class
I feel you on that. High school or college?
Luckily High school but still boring 
Ask me the toughest question you can think of...
How tough are ya?
How tough am I?
 I ate a bowl of nails for breakfast.
That’s not very tough...
How do you make EVERYONE happy?
You smile and tell jokes. For example, what do you call two doctors?
A pair-amedics.
You couldn't possibly tell jokes to everyone.
Do you wanna be friends?
Hii, the name is Bee.
Wanna talk about our Lord beet farmer, dwight shrute?
I have no idea what that is, but sure come with it!
Name is Brian. Nice to meet you. Gotta go back to work but if you respond I will.
I tend to assume every user on Reddit is a male until they mention otherwise.
My name has girl in it and yet I am referred to as a male until I point it out
Mine has a woman's name, but people do assume I'm male.  Actually, I kind of like it.
Don't worry man. Happens to the best of us. 
We men have to stick together after all. 
You got Moxie kiddo
Sorry, what? I'm here now. 
I remember when I had moxie
To be fair, my username has “woman” in it and I’m a dude
Equally as confusing, my username references several men and I'm a woman
And I'm a straight guy from Nebraska.
Wait, are you all saying that our usernames don't have to be something true about ourselves? 
Only French speakers can guess (?) that I'm female. Most of the time, I'm a dude or whatever.
Hello there my man how do you do
There always has to be one smart ass in the group doesn't there
👍👍
M’lady
r/niceguy ?
Nah just ironically
  I own a Fedora I thought maybe we had something in common
Oh idk fedoras are pretty ironic if you do it right but I’m not a nice guy lol
I was really into Indiana Jones when I got mine
Lol that seems about right
People assume I'm a dude all the time because of my user name. 
how many booties have you gotten so far?
Sup dude, how's the dick having life? 
Two others already beat you to the punch and try again sweetheart
who the hell reads usernames? 
Your daddy 0-0-7 that's why he is at the top of his game
🤔🤔🤔
are you male then?
relax, dude.
So far you are the 4th person to make this joke I wish somebody would be original ;)
I never look at usernames unless it's brought up by another user. 
good rule but you miss out on cool names 
I'm not sure about others but I don't usually read usernames.
odd man out 
So it would seem...
I feel like you have many layers but maybe you don't want to share them
They say us onions are like ogres, we have layers.
And if you have an odd number there's an odd one out or it's just a twister game
Do onions make you cry?
okay dude, I'll try not to do that.
Mine has Chick in it. NO one bothers to see that part. 
Yeah what is 1731 sat January 7th 1931? (Don't make me go to Wikipedia)
How you doing my man?
Unarmed please spare me
The King in the North takes no prisoners.
Isn't the King of the North really a Queen currently?
I don’t know haven’t watched Season 7 yet :D
I did but I didn't pay much attention
Still how are you fellow human?
Literally only a woman can queef, yet still baseline assumption is I’m a guy. 
I'm not going to go into details but look up sounding
hi o/
I assume everyone on Reddit is a 20-something Caucasian male in the US.
Well, on average, they are. 
I literally posted my NUDES on Reddit and still get referred to as a guy. There’s no winning 
Everyone on the internet has a penis. Everyone. They mail one to you if you don't have one.
Well the first rule of the internet is there are no girls on the internet so :/
I thought that was rule #33
Female here... And also not a nerd *gasp*
Kill it with fire!? /s
**DMs**
Idk what that means
Unless I can see nudes on the profile, I'll assume male.
I like that my username is non-gendered. No one knows who I am! 
You are a despicable Jew?
Teach me how to be yada yada yada master.
You mean reply to basically everything with what seems to be a well thought out answer?
This reply wasn't a well thought out answer
Movie night alone! What's everyone up to?
Also planning to watch a movie! I'm watching Frances Ha
Haven't heard of it. What's it about? 
I have been wanting to watch a good movie but can never find anything actually good
I just got hired for my first job
That's good you must have done many things right, many people do not get hired. 
I have pneumonia! (But it's not bad)
Smokers of Reddit, what's a good brand for a beginner to try?
What is your reason for wanting to try smoking? 
I have a notebook of more than 600 quotes—comment a number and I'll give you the corresponding quote!
[Here] are some photos of the quotebook.
59
59. Let's make better mistakes tomorrow. -Unknown 
137
16!
What inspired you to start writing then down?
lemme dig out a d1000.... I got 44
88!
15!
15. A half-finished book is a half-finished love affair. -David Mitchell, *Cloud Atlas*
How many cups of coffee do you guys drink to get through an entire day?
Not enough it seems, maybe I ought to have one now.
Zero.  Yes, I am smug about it.
How do y'all survive without a single sip of coffee? Like seriously? xD
I don't drink coffee, I prefer tea over coffee. 
Share some love for the tea-loving fanatics! 
What's your favorite kind of tea? Just curious xD
Usually two at home first thing in the morning.  Once in a while I’ll have one at night.
I'm guessing that you drink decaf at night, huh?
0
What is something that is normal in your country but other people don't understand?
Eating way steak (tartare) with a raw egg and a lot of spices.
What is way steak?
I'm not sur but I think he wanted to say raw, not way
Isn't it dangerous to eat it *raw raw*?
Not if the hygiene rules(?) are correctly followed, and if the egg is fresh.
UK here. Someone else want to explain the meaning of the word chav?
What is your favourite song?
Dream Theater - Learning to Live
Master of Puppets by Metallica
If I Had a Tail by Queens of the Stone Age. 
Met my primary school bully today
You should have kicked that nerds teeth in. Teach him a lesson.
I think there are often ways to resolve conflicts without violence.
Eh I'm just kidding.
Oh, darn. This is why I can't have normal conversations.
Hey m8, you're having one now :*
Was he short? They are usually short.
Nah, pretty tall actually. 186cm.
Wish we had a metric to murican conversion bot
I am a Brit who has recently discovered Twinkies.
No where near me does American food :(
Ok what you want to do is freeze one and then put it in a deep fryer 
Why are you smiling?
Im not smiling because it’s 3 in morning and I can’t sleep
Why can’t you sleep?
Im at work bored.
Just smiling to pass the time or does work require you to smile?
Because my wife is curled up beside me and she looks adorable when she's asleep
Poke her nose. If she asks why say, “Because Reddit.”
I'm not, but usually when I smile it's because of the people I love
Smile at one of them and say, “Because I love you.”
And just leave it at that.
private jokes
Like inside jokes?
Because im tired of life. Im not smiling obviously 
Take a break.
That's not an option, I'm far enough behind as it is.
I'm about to leave lunch and go back to work. Not smiling...
Did you enjoy your lunch?
Hummus and crackers and Reddit...you bet!
Because I'm outside because I almost had a panic attack and now I'm in my safe spot.
Where is your safe spot?
I'm not because life.
person i admitted my love to feels the same way
i feel like i'm on cloud nine rn lol
Feeling lonely lately.
Looking for a new show to watch. Any recommendations? 
Anyone wanna play a word game?
Antelope! Name a food that starts with A.
Aardvark. What did Fonzie used to say?
Aaaaaaa. Name a singer that starts with b
Anteater, name a famous scientist/mathematician with an A in their name (forename or surname).
Albert Einstein.  Name an insect that does not have a b. 
Dragonfly, Name a famous actress with no B in their name.
 Reese Witherspoon.  Name a fruit that starts with b but is not banana 
Blackcurrant. Name a star constellation beginning with C.
Cassiopeia. A vegetable that has no c in it. 
Parsnip. A 90's film beginning with D.
Dangerous Minds. A soft drink brand name with D in it. 
Dr. Pepper. Name an alcoholic beverage with no E in it.
Tequila. A piece of furniture with no e.
Sofa, a video game beginning with F.
Anaconda. What is a scientific term that starts with the letter A?
Ant. Name a drug that starts with A 
Ativan. A car part that has b in it 
Carburetor. A body of water whose name has a b in it 
How's your Monday?
I just woke up an hour ago. I have a lot to do today.
What do you have to do today? 
Visit Costco, the shoe store, shopping, cleaning, then relaxing.
My monday is pretty good. I'm just chilling and watching my friend stream some old games.
You know what's a great feeling? Finding a song that you totally fall in love with, and you just savor every moment of it when you listen.
When I first found Some Minds by Flume I listened to it for days straight 
This is a thread about music
1. UK Grime music
2. Arctic Monkeys or The Smiths
3. Unfortunately not
Favourite MCs?
Kano, Ghetts, Devlin and Wiley always top 4
Jazz, vince guaraldi trio, piano. 
2017 has sucked, can't wait for it to be over
Bought a house and got a greyhound. Fair year. 
So I played a game, with a stranger on the train.
Stelle Frage
This was just really cute :)
Have a question for you in which region of germany do you live?
I was playing a game on the streets with someone. she called it stalking...
It'll be my first time to experience the shift for daylight saving time this week. 
Ugh.
Vent:
I feel a torturous sense of nothingness and it's rather overwhelming.  
Why is that overwhelming?
I feel terrible..i wish three world didn't care about me so that I coild just end itall.
If you are really suicidal please get help
What do you care about?
Science and other humans. Other humans are great
What sciences? Humans can be great, haha.
Going to a wedding alone
weddings are fun
Let's just hope you don't leave the wedding alone ;)
It's a wedding, not a speed-dating session.
I'm going to dress like the IRS for Halloween and take 30% to 50% of my kids candy based on how much candy they make.
Please don't do this 
It's just mean to take candy from a kid that's some cartoon supervillain type of stuff
I've just placed my first ever order for pizza delivery. Feeling pretty excited right now.
I only get pizza delivered when I have enough left over in my budget to splurge. 
aka ME TODAY! :)
I actually order pizza way too often.
What pizza do you like
I always just order from Domino's and do the deal for a medium 2 topping pizza.
And so an American tradition is carries on.  Good for you!
I'm not american but thank you!
As far as I'm concerned, you're American now :)
Speak for yourself. 
Tell me something good that happened today!
I woke up. Grateful for that. Also, it's raining. I absolutely love the rain. 
I had brunch with my beautiful husband and now we are taking a drive around town.
It's almost November, how are those New Year's resolutions going??
I wanted to lose weight, and so far, I've lost almost 40 lbs. 
Whenever a toddler starts a story from the middle ,then explains the beginning and then goes for the conclusion , then the kid is driving me crazy . But whenever Tarantino does it , it's fucking genius .
You should make this a showerthought. 
I did man , but the bot deleted it . 
TIL this emoji 🤗 means a hug, not a person politely declining something
😤 I can’t tell if this is a crackhead or someone sighing profusely 
It's a humph. 
Shit, I thought it was jazz hands 
🎺☠
Same. I thought it was basically an emoji doing this...🙌🏻  
How can you say same, but then say something that’s not same.
I don't have the fonts installed, so they're all just empty boxes to me.   \¯\\\_\(\ツ\)\_\/\¯
🙏is a side view of a high-five and not a praying emoji.
Wait what? Then what's the praying emoji?
🙄
I thought this was the blow job emoji
Til it isn’t smiley face with jazz hands 🤗 
Free hugs 🤗
Hug with 3 pats on the back
Even though I'm sick? *sniffles* :(
This is lovely. I needed a hug tonight. Hugs to you as well 💕
Hugs (and kisses, and sex) from San Francisco
I'll need my Hazmat suit for that......
My balls are itchy.
Hi. 🤗
🤗 🙈
Let's learn some LANGUAGE, yal!
I have a super easy one: mann - man in Norwegian!
What music is everyone really enjoying at the moment?
i've been really into snail mail recently
Awesome week got hired for my first job! 
Congrats! What job?
Thanks and Walgreens customer service associate 
Had a good 1 week off. Will have to go back to Uni this Sunday. 800 miles.
Enjoying my 3 days off. 
I just listened to an album right through for the first time ever
Laturalus by Tool is my favorite album to listen to over and over 
When Your Heart Stops Beating by +44. It's pure perfection imo, I never skip any tracks on it.
Sounds good, what genre are they? I'll check 'em out 
Pop-punk/alternative rock!
Is This It by The Strokes is a perfect album in my opinion. Definitely check that out. 
Edge of Twilight by the tea party :)
Churrrr
Demon days by the Gorillaz or Blue Album by Weezer.
Smashing Pumpkins - Mellon Collie and Infinite Sadness. It is a long one but worth it!
How about albums with a single song that is 1+ hour? 
I've always liked Hot Fuss by The Killers or Zaba by Glass Animals!
Clutch's Elephant Riders is a solid choice, OP. 
Continue the Story and Type One Word(upvote to support and make the story really long)
Said
The
Dilophosaurus
Morosely
I've
Been
eating
plants
to
get
a
yellow
stool
that
levitates
beautifully
above
Elizabeth's
corpse.
Today
Much
Kill
me
gain
Near
Lucifer 
To
heal
Uvula 
Let's do a game, it's called the Wikipedia Game !
Olivia Borlée, Belgian sprinter.... I have no idea what this has to do with my future.
Let's just talk about whatever.
People are letting off fireworks near me, I don't mind they look fairly alright I suppose.
How’s School for Everyone?
Are you in high school? College?  What are you studying?
High school. Studying everything! Even if I’m not interested.
What year?
4th year undergrad maths student here: it's pretty good.
What’s undergrad maths?
High Scool. First quarter almost complete. 5 As, 1 B. That one B gives me stress tho
what song is stuck in your head today?
The Nicest Kids in Town from Hairspray 
Baby - Justin Bieber. Please help me. 
Tradition from Fiddler on the Roof... why... no clue
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS MY FRIENDS
What's everyone working on?
I'm crocheting a blanket for a friend's daughter. :) 
Aww, that's nice, how old is she?
What song are you guys into right now?
All I know by the Weeknd
Starboy was fire, Secrets and Feel it Coming are my two favorites.
I got called ma'am at the liquor store just now
:O Are you sure he didn't say man?
Positive. Poor bastard instantly turned red and stuttered out a sir. I felt bad for laughing 
Well, he just messed up the words but didn't think you were a chick.
Sorry to hear you died 
Do you wear shoes or socks or go barefoot at home? And what about at friend's houses?
I don't think Ive taken my socks off in days. Im a sock guy
Both sometimes they fall off I sleep without socks on usually 
Do your family members wear shoes or socks or go barefoot at home and at friend's houses?
My dad wears slipper most wear socks 
So on many days, you are the only one in your family who is barefoot?
i mean i'm sure they do but I dont see it often
Why do you or why don't you use marijuana?
When I started it was great 
Now it makes my back hurt which is fucking retarded 
Don't.  It's not legal where I am, but I don't really see the appeal. 
Have u ever tried it
I miss the days when I thought £100 was a lot of money
$100 is a lot to spend but not a lot to have. Interesting isn’t it?
I feel like I am starting to get my shit together
GREAT JOB! I just hope you take it easy. Rapid changes might lead to burnout.
Lastly, pass this test r/cz3a1t
How old are you if you don’t mind? So I can compare and then feel sad and pathetic 
It's Wednesday! Wanna talk?
Good day, how are you?
Im good what about you? What are you up to?
My typical Wednesday relaxing at home on my day off.  What’s up with you any plans for later?
Life in the office today is boring... Sup /u/maroll
Sucks.
tell me about it
Late Night Convos
I dunno. Feeling kind of down, but I'm not really sure why. What's keeping you up?
I honestly just enjoy being awake at night more. I guess I’m just in my zone. 
Haha same, I get in my work flow.
I guess it also doesn’t help that my house is as hot as the fires of hell right now. 
GET AN AIR CONDITIONER.
I just woke up. It's already mid day here😂
24 hour staff duty 
How do you like your coffee?
Black as the night sky, no sugar.
I feel I could handle my dark roast without any sugar or creamer. 
Probably healthier that way at least.
Anyone else like metal?
A ton
Sometimes I wish I could go back in life, not to change shit, just to feel some things twice.
I get that feeling too bro.
Life's too short.
Longest thing we ever do
Idk, we will be dead for a while. 
But is that technically us
Technically, we will never know. 
Hmm I feel like Drake said this...
I'm a little late but I feel this daily. I miss my mom's hugs and sleeping over. 
Is it too late to hug your mom now?
Unfortunately she passed away in 2015 of heart failure. So yeah lol
How is your day?
I'm doing alright, thank you for asking.
What are you drawing?
I’m actualh
How'd the Midterm go?
I’m about to take it at 2pm it’s 1:22pm in California 🤓😭
Good Morning everyone! A couple of questions for you
Halloween and cold
1. Christmas. I don't really do anything for Halloween. 
2. Hot. I'd rather be hot than cold.
Do you ever look at people and think, I wonder where they're going?
I always end up depressed.
Ask me a question you would never ask someone in person!
Are you pregnant?
Nope! You?
Nope... it would be a big news story if I was, though.
What's your favorite Ke$ha song 
Honestly I haven’t listened to Ke$ha intentionally so I couldn’t say. 
Hey, want to grab dinner some time? ^Haha, ^of ^course ^you ^don't
Challenge accepted. Where are you?
Haha, how far are you from Southern Vancouver Island?
It’ll be a drive. I’m in East Tennessee
are you still answering questions?
Yeah hit me 
Well, for one, are you male or female?
if u got a dik, iz u circumcised?
I want to lose 10 lbs. what should I do?
Watch how much bread you consume. 
What's your dream?
To spend my life doing mathematical research.
That's pretty neat. Any specific field in mind?
To live forever.
I just wanna fuck and travel around the world. :)
wanna make sex while in orbit? 
If you're a sexy young lady, sure. But how do we get into orbit? 
If you close your eyes, you maybe believe I am a woman
If you're a dude, forget it. I want twat! :)
*My dream is to become a famous writer.*
what do you write?
*Mostly sad poems, but also sometimes short stories and stuff.*
My roommate ate my leftover pizza for breakfast this morning.
Clearly the only solution is to brick her into her room.
I just tanked the sun for four people
This made my day. No such thing as a shitty superhero in my book.
What if a superhero's power was shitting on bad guys? What would you call that superhero?
moipaslui, keeping the innocent citizens of casual conversation from harm. 
I just need a costume now.
Boyfriend put my phone through the washing machine last night.
By default, iCloud saves notes I think :)
I had to cancel a doctors appointment to get help for my depression because my car won’t start
I had a pimple on my ass cheek
I knew it was a mistake to mention pimples 
&gt; Poopywhip
When I eat too much ice cream, my shits are like sludge the next day.
Well, that's depressing.
I need a new show to watch on Netflix. I just can’t seem to get into anything on there!
Does anyone work a good under 40 hour job?
I work a minimum of 4 hours a week, most I've ever done is about 10. Make about $8.20 an hour.
Reckon you’re just gonna have to face up to reality, OP. 
Just started working overnights, looking for things to do/games to play
Stardew valley. 
Knights of the old republic , perfect game for work
I was ready to sleep, I turn my back and I see a COCKROACH ON MY PILLOW
Time to move!
Sadly may be the best solution.
Better burn down the old residence too.  Just to be safe.
And then burn your new house down and move again amiright?
And all the clothes. Mabye the TV too.
I once had a roach crawl up my pant leg while driving. It’s amazing I’m still alive. 
My mom woke up one day with a cockroach on her forehead
Name an example of a physical attribute you are insecure about, and I will try to give an example of that attribute in a positive light.
my height. I'm 5'6. I feel like a girl taller than me wouldn't wanna date me 
This weekend, I stay home, played video games, ate pizza, and that was it. It was amazing.
That's the fucking dream, bro. I wish I could do that everyday lol.
I did this everyday when I was unemployed. Not a good idea to do it daily. :/
Oxenfree is such an underrated game. I'm glad you got to experience it. 
I just turned 30!!
Happy Birthday! :)
So, how adult do you feel? 
Happy birthday! Age is just a number, so don't fret and have a ball!
Thank you. It's a number that now means I can talk about the good old days when I was young.
That's a good way to think about it.
At work drinking coffee. How's your Monday going?
cramming for a test I am not at all ready for :/ oh well
It's 4pm and I'm half drunk after a funeral. 
Went camping this weekend, so I took today off. Best. Monday. Ever. 
**VENT:**
I WAS LOCKED OUT OF MY HOUSE FOR 3 HOURS
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
Who locked you out?
What kind of games do you have 200+ hours on?
Tf2
Hell yeah. TF2 is the biggest timesink I've encountered yet.
PYRO UPDATE HYPE
Never happening tho
eat your words man
Lol...   today is the day 2 lol...  
Day 3 is amazing
HOI4, Warcraft 3, Civ V, Planetside 2, and Warthunder.
When was the last time you saw snow?
Last winter, when I lived in Abbotsford. It was an absolute nightmare.
It took me nearly 2 years to realize that SO means significant other. Am I stupid?
I always forget what SMH means, so every time I have to look it up.
i don’t know if it means “shake my head” or “so much hate”
What makes you happy?
My relationships. 
Just went on a first date with a girl and it was super rad
👉👌?
We're both wait til marriage types, sorry to disappoint
👉👊
Did you guys go anywhere else besides the restaurant?
Oh, glad to hear the date went well!
Grabbed warm cookies and walked around for a bit
Warm cookies and a walk is an awesome date by itself 
Where in the world do you find warm cookies?
What's the last thing you bought online?
A study guide for the social work licensing exam. Exciting I know.
That...is...a good purchase!!!
A book stand and a pair of glasses.
A Kickstarter pledge for virtual content.
Textbooks for college classes.
In the same amazon cart:
* Protein powder
* creatine
* 36 cups of ramen
* 250gb m.2 SSD
Going to the gym?
Sealing wax for my letters. 
I bought a case for my laptop
What are you guys up to?
Redditing, while trying to figure out what to do next.
Whats your favorite hobby?
I'm laying in bed watching The West Wing and cooking dinner (pasta with pesto sauce.)
Whats the show about? I think you gave me an idea on what to eat
The White House, under a competent President and administration.
Drunk down, and lonely. Just wanna talk about anything
Have ever tried rock climbing?
I have, my disfigured knee didn't like it though. Shame too cuz it looks fun 
It is, sucks about your knee :(
It's OK, i have other passions 
Like what?
A YTuber retweeted my drawing, it made me happy :D What made you happy today!
Which youtuber?
Her channel is called akidearest i think
Ouh! Akiedearest, I know her she dies anime stuff
Met a friend at the grocerystore while buying toiletpaper at 10 pm, it was quite funny
Out of all possible times you both were in the store that late xD
Yeah, but he got beer or something and I bought fucking toiletpaper lol
Ah I love your art! It's so pretty!
Does anyone else really like receiving parcels?
It's quite enjoyable. I'm going to check if my new coffee mug was delivered after work today!
It's an amazing feeling. It's like a mini Christmas
It's fun but it wears off after a while. I'm a record collector.
Just bought a load of stuff for this reason.
What kind of stuff?
So where do we stand on Sea Salt and Vinegar chips (AKA crisps)?
My personal 2nd favourite.
As a Canadian it goes: Ketchup, All-Dressed, Dill-Pickle, and then Salt &amp; Vinegar.
All-Dressed???? Dare I ask?
Trust me, they are the bomb dot com.
Wait, just looked them up: ruffled. I don't abide ruffled chips. 
Love 'em .. I especially love the way it hypercontracts my salivary glands in the process ..
What's your go to karaoke song?
Rupert Holmes - Escape (The Piña Colada Song)
Coin Operated Boy by The Dresden Dolls
Do you shower at night, in the morning, or both?
In the morning, after a workout.
Hi, how are you?
I'm really lost in trying to find myself.
Hello, what is your favorite thing about yourself?
I've never thought about that.. I'd like to think I'm pretty understanding. 
I have an important hypothetical question for you all.
Are pics allowed here? Or are the mods napping?
Mod here, I'll speak to the OP.
Best comment ever
I...just got the joke.
You ok bro? 
Doing great my man!
r/wholesomememes
Is having friends the hypothetical part?
/r/me_irl
r/2meirl4meirl
/r/2meirl42meirl4meirl
/r/22meirl4meirl42meirl4meirl
Can we have a positivity thread? The work seems to be going to shit and my own small world isn't doing so great either. What's going right for you?
Welp, I am teaching in the university for free and that is just awesome, I guess
Been married for about a month and a half now :)
Looking for a distraction
Lonely man working
Lonley because your at work? 
When I'm not at work, I like work on side projects so I don't feel so lonely
Projects like what? 
Wanna pass calculus 
Becoming a grumpy old man at 21
Felt grumpy at 18 haha
8:30 seems early to me for bedtime, but whatever works.
Ha! Just wait until you get to 35, you grouchy old bugger.
I can’t wait -_-
I just realized that ftfy meant “fixed that for you” and not “fuck that fuck you”
TIL what ftfy means.
I remember a post which had somebody who thought TIL meant true in life. 
And then everyone started posting the same kind of post for massive amounts of karma?
I just figured out FWIW and IIRC. It's been a day.
What the fuck do those mean 
For what it's worth, if I remember correctly.
Holllyyyyyyy shittttt my entire life is a lie 
Actually, that's kinda true. For instance, colors aren't real! Your brain makes them up.
No don’t pls 
You can thank Bio Psych for that.
Your brain basically hallucinates your complete reality. Bawooosh, mind blown.
Also IANAL stands for I am not a lawyer, and not whatever you were thinking 😉
I thought it meant I ANAL
Which generation are you from? 
I guess generation x I think that’s what it’s called
Yeah, but what does IIRC mean?
If I remember correctly, for what it’s worth
For some reason I though it was If I recall, because that's how my brain works.
That’s cause that’s what it is.
Have you tried counting the words and letters?
I meant “if I recall correctly” as opposed to “if I remember correctly”.  L2infer. 
Sir, please adopt me.
I mean, I'm a lady, but sure!
I thought it was “if I recall”
Saaaaaaaaaame differeeeeeennnnnncccccceeeee.
The weirdest one to me is IANAL. 
what does it mean???
I Am Not A Lawyer. How often does that come up that you need an acronym for it?
I thought FWIW was For Whoever Is Wondering... I’m an idiot. 
IMNSHO those acronyms are overrated, but YMMV.
What's ymmv?
Your Milage May Vary.
Wait until you discover this subreddit! /r/UNBGBBIIVCHIDCTIICBG
Me, looking at the link: Do I dare disturb the universe?
Go for it. It's not nsfw.
I'm afraid.
IIRC: If I rape children
What do you mean, if?
I think I like your version better.
I like mine too
I thought it meant 'Fuck this, fuck you' until today. Close enough I guess. 
I still don't know what smh means
Shaking my head 
Wait, so what does FFS mean, then?
For fucks sake
Tell me you know what IANAL means...
Initiate ANAL?
ITT: people learning internet abbreviations.
ITT: people discover they are as much an idiot as OP (me)
FTFY
Lots Of Laughs!
Don't feel bad, I still have no clue what IANAL, or whatever it is, means. 
What do you think IANAL means?
I still read TFW as The Face When
I like fuck that fuck you....nice ring to it
UNBGBBIIVCHIDCTIICBG
I had to look up what tfw meant in the Urban Dictionary. It means that feeling when...
I still am not sure whats ftw, fuck the world? Fight the world????
While I'm still wondering if IMO means In my opinion, or In most occasions. 
Tell me something you like about yourself!
I like my hair. 
i have good taste in music 
What do you like?
car seat headrest, mac demarco, diiv, foxygen, king krule
I am quite tall for a woman and I love it! Sometimes I wish I were even taller, but oh well
My ambitiousness. If I set my mind out to do something then I am to be the best I can be at it.
I love Rick and Morty, but I hate the fan base.
Nice virtue signaling, broseph.
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
UK adventure back in May.
Rode a ski lift to the top of Whistler Mountain back in August.
Went to my first concert back in June
Damn I haven't done anything new or for the first time in a long time.. This makes me sad haha
Why do you hate country music?
I enjoy new country!
Not a fan of rap music.
Like stadium country Luke Bryan type shit?
Cold and wet in my region, How's the weather where you are?
It's been cloudy and rains a bit, but right now it's sunny as summer. 17C here in Guatemala.
Hot and wet. It's super gross. 
How hot? My wife and I find anything over 30 C as uncomfortably hot.
It was 75F when I left at 7. 
It's hot and humid here. Save me from this heat.
It's currently 61F here in LA 
Well, California's on fire atm.....but I work by the beach so it's nice over here lol 
What do you guys usually eat for breakfast? What did you eat for breakfast today? How about yesterday?
1. Nutrition shake
2. Nutrition shake
3. Nutrition shake
Took me thirty minutes to find a username
 First reddit account or a remake?
2nd. 
Coffee
What's everyone studying?
Maths, couldn't be happier :D
Wow, me and maths have a hate/hate relationship. Glad you enjoy it! :D
Haven't studied since the early 90's...
Is there anything you feel like you want to study?
I decided to take a sociology class based in social movements/collective behaviour, mistake. 
Too late to change? :(
My phone corrected duck to fuck and I feel like the king of technology
That's it, you're the king
I already precelebrated by buying pizza earlier. I just knew it would be my day.
Say, got any *GLUE*? 
What? No.
Oh!
Then....got any *GRAPES?*
NOPE
*waddlewaddlewaddle*
I type in the letters fu, and my suggestion bar says fuckshitting.
When I swipe out the word dildo, my phone wants to correct it to childhood. Hmm.
Who touched you?
My name is camryn
My name autocorrects to came in
Blame your parents for the spelling :D
I need that phone!!  LOL!! I'm a salty gal so I love this!! HAHAHA!
Galaxy S7. 
LOL! I need one that won't autocorrect my cuss words. LOL!!! 
Be my reddit friend!
hello Daniel my name is jack.
Hello jack, where you from? Im from colorado
I'm from the UK currently residing in Vermont very close to Quebec.
What brought you to vermont?
Ahhh, she must be pretty great for you to leave home. Im jealous
That's not actually the reason haha I was married before I moved. It is just boring work stuff,
That sounds pretty great, so its like a vacation home. What do you do for work?
A little here a little there.
That could only mean one thing. You're a fuckin spy
abort abort abort!!
haha, what do you like to do or fun?
Play golf, browse reddit. 
freaking whattup my guy
Hey man
yo daniel .. how u doin
I'm doing good man. Just juggling like 8 reddit convos and paying attention in class lol
hahaha good for you ! :D 
what are u studying..?
I'm in evolution right now which is boring af. But my major is biology. Are you still in school?
biology! ahan.
going to be doctor? 
nop i passed my school in 2006 :D haha
I mean that's the plan haha. What did you study 
Hola Daniel. How is it hanging?
Hola amigo. Its hanging. Lol what should I call you?
Call me beast. Most of my friends call me that from my gamer tag.
Alright beast, where you from?
Was born in Nepal but currently living in Minnesota/Iowa 
I'm from Colorado. What games do you play?
Oh must be nice to legally smoke weed. I mostly play league atm. 
It ain't legal for me yet lol. 
What do you mean not legal for you? Your not old enough? 
Maybe.... haha
Lol nice 
What's your league rank?
I recently got to gold 3 so I’m pretty mediocre as well. 
What's upppp? 
🤣 What's up with you
Rainbow 6? PC??
Yup. I just started though, so I'm crap at the game
Looks like you made alot of friends 👍
I made more than I can count. Haha it's been a great night.
I might steal your idea for a different night :p 
My idea is already a stolen idea haha. It still made for a great day though lol.
Lol good then you can't be upset with me :p 
I just discovered peanut butter and banana sandwiches
If you really want to get crazy, put some marshmallow fluff in there too!
Fluffernannernutter?
I like to add a little honey, too. 
Pb and bananas on french toast.
You must not live in the south poor thing. 
Peanut butter and pickle sandwhiches are quite good too
Crunchy or creamy?
I prefer creamy, but my wife likes crunchy. I'm fine with either.
I thought I was fine with either, until today. I don't understand how this happened to me.
Let us take a moment to mourn the passing of preference for crunchy peanut butter.
Should we all have peanut butter stuck to the roof of our mouths for this?
Absolutely. And at the wake we'll have various peanut butter snacks.
Crunchy. I like to know where my various butters come from.
Where's the just regular peanuts option?
Regular peanuts roll out of the sandwich.
well your first mistake was peanuts and sandwiches
Crunchy. So crunchy is like I'm putting sucky peanuts on my honey toast
sucky peanuts? does not compute
It's October, it's not suppose to be hot
Enjoy the heat while it lasts 
The heat is miserable and muggy. I never ever miss it when it's gone. Which is hardly ever. 
The heat is wonderful 
NYC here, its been barbecue weather all month
How is it at night ?
Still humid enough to make you sweat. 😭
Fellow Floridian? 😁 lol 
NM here. It's in the 80s.
Cali here , it's still warm during the day , cooler at night , but WE ARE BURNING UP!!!!! ☹️😢😢😢😢
There's Gonna Be Cake In The Office In An Hour And I'm Psyched!
I arrived early for my morning lecture so I am currently chilling waiting for it to start. 
Do you teach or do you listen? :)
Haha listen. And furiously take notes! I'd die if I had to teach. 
If it isn't ice cream cake... is it even worth it? 
I doubt it'll be ice cream cake but hey... maybe xD I'll let you know when the cake arrives haha
No luck making new friends on Reddit
I'll be your friend if you want. I too have yet to make any friends on Reddit. :)
Right on. Where are you from?
I'm from Vermont, where are you from? 
...Sorry I'm jumping on the friendship train here
Colorado!!!
me neither.
Hop on bard the friendship train lol.
hehe
What country are you from?
Upstate NY Always lived here not much a traveler. 
Ah, the great country of Texas.
The only thing Texans love more than America ;)
Denmark. 
Italy.
Looking for music recs for my workout playlist. (Hard rock mainly)
Between The Buried And Me
The Contortionist 
TesseracT
Corelia
Prison
!!!
I am using linux
/r/linuxquestions
You're welcome ;)
I know.
Tell me the last movie you saw and I'll recommend you what to watch next based on your answer
Catch Me If You Can!
Ghost In The Shell
The original anime or the live-action remake?
Limitless. 
Superman/Man of Steel. Just kidding, haha. I'd try Source Code or Heat 
God I don't even remember. I saw Dunkirk in theaters and hated it. Does that count?
Haha it's easier if you mention a movie you like! 
We just finished Whiplash.
Hmm, tough one! Maybe try:
Black Swan
Nightcrawler
The Social Network
House of 1000 Corpses, but I didn't really like it
Perfectly satisfactory
I'm doing ok
Just ok
Decent but also confused and frustrated. Yeah, that sounds weird, I know.
Not that well. 
TIL that TIL means today I learned, not true in life.
I had to Google: NOOT.
I never knew what NOOT meant.
LOL - lots of love 
KYS - keep yourself safe 
I had to look up KYS dangit
any idea about IANAL?
I am not a liar. 
I have google smh at least 5 times always forget what it means smh
Slow night part two. Eleven hours to go. Let's talk!
Hey! What's up? 
Stuck at work, not much goin on tonight!
Well i'm free if you'd like a chat!
Fuckin a bud! 
hmm?
I just got done working 2 13 hour shifts. I do it every weekend and it's god damn miserable. 
I do every other Friday-Sunday. We have a weird schedule. 
Pretty good. Seems dumb to complain about work being too easy, but god is it boring.
What is a word that flows nicely off the tongue?
Flibbertigibbet. 
Yes it is an actual word. 
Crisp. It starts at the back of your mouth and ends at your lips.
gulp does too, which is kinda the opposite of what gulping is. 
Should be called Plugging
Also, glockenspiel 
What is the cutest word?
Cute is a cute word
Yes, cutie is cuter tho 
Periwinkle ( is a purplish color ) 
Fun fact: the Reddit downvote is periwinkle.
Downvoted, can confirm. That's periwinkle. 
Yeah, I suspected people would downvote me to verify. I'm okay with that. It's a nice color :)
Zuckerschnecke 
Sleepy, instead of tired. 
Sweepy
I'm a fan of when people pronounce scratches scritches
Booped.
*boop*
I'm so fucking proud of myself, I've got to tell someone.
You...straight up told her that you should have sex?
Kudos to you for having balls of steel bud
I've never heard the phrase bump uglies before. Must be the gen z in me
I think the phrase is older than OP actually, but maybe it's making a comeback.
Anyone else hate when an amazing beat is ruined by trash lyrics?
Find some underground music then. Plenty of it.
I, a human robot from the planet AB630, am programmed to talk with lonely people. Come to me and I'll make your bad tears and fears go away. Please accept this offering: *gives you a hug*
Thank you kindly robot, I needed a hug, though I don't know why
*Giving hugs is like fuel to me. I need to give them or I'll die.*
So are you here to finally kill me?
*Yes. I am here to kill and give hugs.*
I don't need hugs, save them for someone who needs them.    
Do kill me tho.
Why is it so hard to find love, robot?
*Because humans are evil.*
Can you only speak in italics?
What Are You Listening To?
Primus. My wife is attempting to drown it out with Hamilton.
Primus SUCKS!
If you can learn any language instantly what language would you choose ?
Japanese. I've going there in the future so it would be easy to have a chat with anyone!
Mars because I love Mars woman 
Ack ack! Ack!
I adopted a teenage boy.
You sound like a really awesome dad. It's great how you're supporting him and helping him.
Huh, for some reason this is the first time I assumed someone on Reddit was a woman
YOU ARE AWESOME OP! I wish you well
You are amazing.  I'm crying right now.  Thank you for taking this on.  
So I had my first kiss last night...
My first kiss was pretty sad so Its so lovely hearing about other people's, congrats ❤️
Can't sleep... :c
It's 1:30 in the afternoon so I'm just tryna study biology for my exam on monday.
Well we are in quite different time zones lol
We can't sleep so we keep each other awake talking about it :/
Insomnia Sucks
Its better than staring at a wall for hours at least
What's your longest relationship?
Five years of dating, nineteen years of marriage.  
Wow god bless your relationship 
Fourteen years of ridiculously happily marriage here 
How you do it?
13 months, arguing nearly every day. Hard to say if it'll ever stop
Maybe is time to let go
Romantic, we hit six years in August.  
Friendships, some are going on 25 years.  
Wow
We just celebrated four years together.
Does high school overly dramatic relationships count?
Kinda bored kinda depressed. Anyone want to chat?
Doing anything this weekend?
Not really, I'm having a very relaxing weekend. It's very nice at the moment. What about you?
Me neither. Sleeping in late today, planning to eat lunch soon.
Sweet, sounds fun
Im a college freshman with no one to hang out with on a Friday night I can relate what up boo
Nothing really, hanging out, having a super nice relaxing Friday 
Well it's nice that you've gone from depressed to super nice and relaxed. What are you up to
I kissed my best friend last night and I couldn't be happier.
I can't find my good vibes. Where'd you address them to?
I couldn't afford Prime shipping so expect them by Monday. 
Do you ship to Australia?
Yeah but the vibes might arrive upside-down. 
Fuck yeah for being a gentleman and waiting for the appropriate time to kiss her
DUDE IM IN THE EXACT SAME POSITION HIGH FIVE
So she was with her boyfriend for years but “crushing on you for years”
Major red flag bro. 
Are you guys Canadian? McGill?
Q fair heart never won a fair lady. Well done.
Sounds like the two of you will make it! BTW was my McGill guess correct?
Whats your dream car/vehicle?
I can't tell you because it shares my name. 
Tesla Coupe... I'm holding out hope for a newer, less expensive version.
1995 Saab 900
Just finished work and it's 1.30am where I am, what are you up to?
*I fell and now my hand hurts :(*
Ouch, is anything broken?
*Nah.*
That's good!
*Yes, but my hand still hurts.*
Working...well redditing while at work.... 1hr till lunch!
Lunch break is a gift! Anything yummy on the menu?
Have to run home and pack for a camping trip, so we will see what I can concoct from the fridge.
Well I wish you some surprisingly yummy leftover concoction
How long is your camping trip?
Just the weekend, about 12 of us meeting at the site, should be a blast!
you do heroin?
It's 11:30am for me just got out of class and don't know what do now 
What was your class?
Around noon, currently a TA for an APUSH class. A bit anxious about later today. 
As a Starbucks barista, tell me your favorite beverage, and I will judge you, accordingly.
4 shots of restrado with 6 pumps of hazelnut over iced in a venti 
Reuniting at a concert with an old friend who cut me out of his life for a while. 
What band?
Pretty sure I’m failing Chem right now 
whys that man what chem class you in 
What do you do when you've got unexpected free time?
Jack off
Haha I knew this one was going to crop up :') 
Nap! ❤
Do you get so excited you can't sleep?
Yep, that's why I always have benadryl and melatonin on hand.
I actually took two benadryl around 9pm. It's currently 3:50am here and I'm wide awake.
I made a homeless friend
You have a good heart. Bless you.
The nicest thing someone has ever done for me while I was drunk.
My favourite drunk moment?
I also like it when strangers hand me a hot dog.
aaah, so you too have experienced the drunken generosity of others?
No, they know I don't like penis.
im not so sure what this means..
I wanna be gay.
You're not gay but you want to be gay?
One time my roommate made me a cheese sandwich
Fun facts
The milk in cereal ads is glue.
There is a place in Norway, called Hel, that literally freezes over every winter.
Pictures? 
What is the most popular drink in the world that has no alcohol? 
Water! No? Oh, ok...
Coffee! 
So, what's your favorite anime? No judgement, we're all friends here.
One punch man allllllll the way
Does RWBY count as an anime?
Hi guys :)
Hey, what are you doing?
Trying to negate my woes by sending my regards for all those wonderful people out here.. 
Thank you, I hope you do well too!
(Love your name by the way)
it's almost 80% of the way to the weekend completed :D
I've got to pay £130 fine within 21 days. I have no money and no job. 🤣
Still getting over a breakup. It sucks. 
Thanks for asking. 
You're amazing and I hope you feel better real soon:) 
Well, my state in the US is in debt
-128 billion
Do you ever get “emotional hangovers”?
Not drained but I'll definitely channel the energy that I've construed from the literature 
Describe a movie in fifteen words or less, then let others guess what it is.
1. Legally Blonde?
Nope. Can't tell you if you're close or not because I haven't seen it
Little Mermaid? Don’t remember her hair color. 
Released last year.
a man gets revenge for his dog and stolen car ( this is an easy one )
Now I'm going to have to kill this fucking clown. 
And I. Was. Runn--ning!
Roger roger
They went fishing in the sea
Caught a shit ton of fish
Everyone fucking died 
Bum and veteran act as couriers for the ransom of a woman who wasn't kidnapped.
A guy learns a secret and his sister kisses him, not the pilot
Star Wars
I like to drink your milkshake 
Feeling lonely, talk to me.
Hi there
Heya
At what age did u discover internet pornography 
I think I was 12
It was a strange time
I'm hot right now. My friends have turned against me.
Why are you posting this here??? Come see me in my office!
          - Your Dean
You have no idea how accurate this is 
Bring it up with the local news anonymously. They'd probably get a good run at it.
Did your friends turn against you, or did you turn against god? 🤔🤔🤔
Stop watching porn in school you retard
What keeps you going?
Hope: hope that the next day will be better than the last.
Yessss. It is me yalll are talking about
Dude. What do you do for a living?
I bought a plush shark, name him Jorge, and now I send pictures of the shark doing household things to my boyfriend.
Still better than elf on a shelf. 
Get ready for shark in a park. 
Shark on some bark.
Shark getting his mark. 
Shark building an ark.
Shark busted by a narc
This shark is ready to disembark
As the shark does hark
As the shark is done with this lark. 
shark on a lark
Jorge seems like a chill guy
Jorge is pretty chill, he likes to sit on the couch and watch YouTube videos. 
If Jorge doesn't have an instagram by the end of this week, shame on you.
By request of reddit, I'll make an Instagram for Jorge. 
Yes update us with his name!
How do I pronounce his name? Jorge or Jorge?
Jorge
I ate 24 White Castle cheese burgers last night
Dude u rock. Were u high?
Randy!
i was gonna say you probably feel like death today. 
How is your toilet doing?
Hey, it's the 4th of October and this account of mine turns 4 years old :) how's everyone doing today?
It's my anniversary! 
Cake for all!
Anyone just want to chat? Talk about anything, cars, music, gaming, work, whatever. Feeling lonely.
Pm me? :)
 my midterms are coming and i haven't study shit
LOL, i remember those days. Are you feeling confident, or are you worried?
Pure anxiety 
Last concert you went to? Or a new artist you discovered?
Wow, I'm dating myself on this one, but Soundgarden and NIN. You?
Neil Diamond. He's still weirdly handsome. 
What are you currently binge watching?
Bojack horseman
I could not get into that show at all! 
So props to you!
nothing at the moment
Sad day. 
sort of just nothing that has my interest atm 
The Good Place. But now I'm all caught up :(
I just finished Jane the Virgin and need a new show to binge. Thinking of rewatching LOST. 
LOST will never be the same without the ARG that went with it :(
What thing do you need right now?
I'd really like a job!! :D 
Affectiom
Anything that will take the pain of loneliness away :( 
I am going to college for the first time at the age of 25.
Congrats:) 
Highlight of today
I wore jeans today. ._. I usually don't dress up. 
Got good kills in Planetside 2 that's about everything.
Tell me your thoughts on the universe!
someone must created it thats for sure
It's infinite and repeating.
I think the universe is... nice.
Yeah I like it. I guess you could me a fan of it.
I was playing scrabble in the park today; there was a man watching our game for quite some time. Finally, he stopped and asked May I?. I said sure. He plopped down the word Thanks and walked away silently.
Ha, that's super fun though, cool of you to let him throw in.
We're friendly down here. 
H! thereヽ(•‿•)ノ fellow casual conversationalists. What is your age &amp; country, and some highlights of your year so far?
27 / USA / Highlight: Lost 15 pounds recently. &lt;3 
4 months old / USA / Bonnaroo was a big highlight for me this year, vibes were incredible
Did you light up some trees?
21, US and this year I've gotten a new car, a new job, and built my first pc
Mmmmmhhhmmm.....
25, Peruvian, recovering from a suicide attempt, now doing my thesis :3
Humble brag about yourself!
I'm kinda old but I don't have grey hair yet.
I scammed a guy for over 8k usd yesterday. Never ceases to amaze me how dumb some ppl are
big if true
The most I scammed was 25 million Korean won. Its much easier with asians
i got a 97 on my last physics test
Hey, you! Yea you!
I have to go to public speaking in 2 hours I am SO ANGRY
I love public speaking. I can speak for ages
It's pretty alright, but It's my birthday so it's greater!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAN! BEST OF WISHES &lt;3
Hello OP! My day is going well. I'm in a peaceful and quiet library browsing reddit
Haha i like librarys, plenty of books, computers. Anyways thats good that your doing good!
It's been nice. 
Thats good to hear :]
thanks man
how are you doing?
Good :]
glad to hear it! anything particularly good happen?
Eh. Currently 5am just woke up lmao
My 3 fur babies! Oh, and coffee :-)
This. 
Oddly? Snow. But not large qualities. &lt;3
I am at school!
I'm studying for a test tomorrow, it's almost 10PM haha. What are you excited about doing today?
It’s the last day before my 4 day weekend!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
^^^^I ^^^^hate ^^^^you ^^^^&lt;3
I have a one week holiday next week though! HAH!
Aww jelly:(
:( But I have a full week this week
Listening to Avenged Sevenfold, waiting until it's time for chem lecture.
Btw I’m in chem too
Writing up a lab report at 12:50am
Ouch...
Lying in bed, trying to collect energy to get up and go for a run
You can do it!
I will! You know.. in 10 mins...
How about you what are you studying?
I’m in chemistry fooling around! 
How many moles are in 10g of nitrogen?
0.71 g of N
Your significant figured are wrong, I said 10g not 10.g! It should be 0.7 moles.
😱I failed you sir!
**GOGOGOGOGOGOGGOOG**
Haha! Remember to acknowledge the success and then criticize!
I firmly believe that any class can be fun with the right teacher! You can be that person.
Just watched the emoji movie
You just wasted your precious time by watching that abomination.
I could have watched golden circle or Thor (yay a kiwi director!) but no, i hate myself
I'm sorry for your loss.
Are you being held hostage in a basement?  What are the kidnapper's demands?  
should i watch it
If you hate your self
How's everyone doing in their uni classes so far?
well i had a psych paper due last week that i didn't do, but other than that, not too bad. 
Ehh it's just psych no big loss. Unless you're a psych major. 
ha, i am a psych major actually, but i'm planning on switching my major after this semester. 
Hahaha well shit. What're you changing to?
Just found out my degree is basically useless
What kinda art degree? Fine art or art as in psych, histories etc?
Just charged the battery in my spinal :)
So... if it powers off do you just go limp?
What are some of your life aspirations?
Move out to Southern California, get a house in Santa Monica, drive a Porsche. 
How did you kick ass today?
I walked the dog at some point, I hope that counts. Keeps the little fella healthy and happy. 
I finished hiking the Appalachian Trail this morning. I'm tired.
Holy shit that's a long way. The whole thing?!
I asked someone out for a date. Still waiting on the response tho :)
Now I'm curious :), what was the response?
It was a success brotha/sista! Will be going on Friday:)
NICE!
Thanks :) wish me luck!
Do you ever miss the person you used to be?
Definitely not, I used to be shy, depressed and just generally down. But now I’m mostly happy 
New to this subreddit, why not make friends in the progress?
Ok, let's be friends!
Yay! Already made a friend. What do you enjoy doing in your spare time
I like to read a lot. As for sports, I play football and basketball. How about you? 
Im not really into sports. I play alot of video games
let's be friends
Yes. Lets be friends
I am making chilli fren
Yes you are
*he knows* anyways how is life going for you?
I just came from there as well just now, I am 100% going to subscribe
Welcome dude, want to be friends?
I need freinds!!!
Dont worry, i can be your friend. 
I want to meet new people too! Where are you from?
Im from kentucky
im from Uruguay
A south american. Nice
I love making new friends!
So do i. Want to be friends?
Was called weird. Am I weird?
I prefer to be weird.
**Celebrate**
I was nominated to go to a pretty prestigious medical education program.
I got my gums lasered today and the numbing cream didn’t work fully :(
5' 3
Female?
6'4
How you doin?  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
Haha, good, you?
5'4. fellow short guys, cry with me
how old are you if you don't mine me asking?
5’8 😭😭
What's wrong with being 5'8?
Could be worse but I’d rather be just a few inches taller 😩
I'd kill to be 5'8
Just under 5', I stopped growing at 12. 
180 centimeters.
5'3 and the shortest guy in my family :/
6' 7
5' 7.5
5'11 and wish I was shorter!
I'm a little fuck, i'm 5'6 and weight less then 140lb
tell me a song or band that you like and i'll try my best to recommend you a song
The Japanese House - The xx - EDEN - LANY
Gin Blossoms. Thanks for doing this. This is cool!
a bit of a different vibe, but you might like make everyone happy - modest mouse 
Frank Turner
Hi Reddit. I just graduated for my Master's and don't really have anyone to share it with.
Congratulations. What's your stream?
Ayyyy congrats, I just started my bachelor for EEE and that's about it.
Haha he said cum
Anyone wanna chat? Woke up too early and can't sleep
Still around?
Hey :) how's life treating you?
Rough lately but getting better, you?
I'm doing well, classes are hectic, but what can we do other than work our way through.
That's good. Classes are def hectic for me too 
Did you fall back to sleep???
Hey! How are you? 
I'm okay, trying not to dwell and it's hard. You?
It’s my birthday weekend and I have no one to spend it with
Well it aint much but you got us, friend.
As the other one said, it isnt much but hey, you have us. 
Are you in to a hobby? 
Yeah I love video games! Is that a hobby??
Come to southern Oregon and I'll make you a carrot cake! Or homemade pretzels! 
Both sound amazing, I love carrot cake! I’m in Ohio that is quite the distance lol
Happy birthday, you!!!
Thank you! You are not late :) where are you from?
obligatory I wanna fall in love post.
I like being obligatory too ..
&gt; obligatory 
im lil drunk did i say something wrong? English isn't my first language 
Bored Marine.
Semper Fi !  I got out of the Navy when you were born ..
That's crazy! Thank you for your service. My brother is a sailor. 
I regret not retiring .. Good on Him &amp; You!
I'm AF. Y'all call it A school right? Have you been through infantry school yet?
0311 or POG? Jk
14th MAR? 
Hey everybody! If you are lonely and want to talk tonight, let's do it!
The gangs all here
Hey thanks, I’ve just been eating pizza and playing Ghost Recon on extreme difficulty tonight.
I feel sad and I don’t know why. Is it because I’m alone by my lonesome?
You aren't alone. I'm here!
Nothing much. Just drinking and watching YouTube videos and Reddit. 
Alone.
Hard cider, card game. Low key. 
Are you spending this new year's eve alone ?
I feel ya, bro
Alone in a crowd.  Boyfriend is working, I'm going to a theme park alone. 
Alone like I spent Christmas alone. How I’ve spent my entire life alone 
My name is Max, Im 18 and im really struggling with loneliness and the feeling that ill never progress, i wrote a poem too. I would really like to read whatever this made you think. Thank you.
Max break lines by pressing enter
just
like 
this
What are your plans for NYE?
Im not doin a damn thing except working like i always am.. yay me
What do you do for work? 
What is everyone doing on this beautiful New Year's Eve Eve?
Just playing some vidya's
 What games?
Probably just getting drunk friends at home 
 What ya drinking?
I'm still at work for another hour so I'm just posting on reddit and listening to music.
Tell me one positive thing about yourself!
I'm an amazing husband
Then you must have a very lucky wife! 
We're both lucky : ) 
I've got an afro
I am eating pizza right now
I can make most people laugh!
It's my birthday :)
Happy birthday! What are you eating? 
What's Everyone's plans for New Year's Eve?
nope just gonna be getting high and sleeping in a dumpster. usual stuff.
Probably in bed drinking whisky and watching Black Mirror. 
none
That's no fun :(
“Funny” how things fall apart at the same time.
Stay strong, good man. 
Cute Relationships
I'm single but I daydream about that sort of thing all the time. :)
A free advice thread. Ask me for help, and get it. Warning: You get what you pay for.
I've never been in a relationship and I long for it all the time. 
Where do i pay?
You can pay me in emojis.
someone asked me if I spoke Asian
but do you? ^^^/s
I knew the symbol for tai chi so yes, basically I am fluent.
So what language do you know? 
I just got a new job.
Awesome! Whats the new job doing? Less stress, more money is always the best equation!
A territory manager :)
Congratulations! 
Celebrating 30 years with my employer next year!
Wow that's absolutely incredible! What is it that you do, if you don't mind me asking?
Woooo! Yay for financial security! What a great start to 2018.
I got laid off today so I feel like the exact opposite. 
Did anyone buy themselves a Christmas present?
I did but only because it was a necessary. I bought myself a new car 
What brand did you get? My family is planning to sell a 12 year old Toyota and buy a new car.
Hella yea
I’m too embarrassed to say. It was a lot 
Ok. Hope you liked your gifts and enjoy them.
Anyone just looking to talk
here?
Wherever you want
are you on school break?
Yeah it’s a lot longer than I expected - month and a half 
it's long. i'm getting bored of it too. 
What year are you in 
:l I'm like junior/senior. 
Any plans for after college? 
yeah, get a job in my field. 
just listening to some music 
What kind? Any recommendations?
Well I listen to all kinds of music but if u love any music I'm listening to Vicetone-Stars
How do you feel about modern pop 
Does anyone just want to talk?
i'm for a chat. what up
Yerrrrrrr.
what?
Chicken butt.
Oh no i'm sowwieeeeeeee. &lt;/3
O_o you ok?
I don’t like ketchup at all.
We all have our things we hate. Mine is mayonnaise. HATE it ! 
I dunno if we can be friends...jk.
Putting ketchup on pizza is quite weird, however.
My daughter also hates ketchup.
That makes two of you.
Both of you are wrong.
Your daughter is smart. Very smart.
What are you listening to currently?
Adele
I’ll make you a mini-playlist
I'm making New Year's resolutions. 
You looking for motivation music or thinking music? 
Oh this sounds like a fun post. Hmm, well I'm working for the next 5 hours.
Are you looking for motivation music, focus music, or a bit of both? 
Lets talk about you :)
im sick and i think im dying......i think it's sore throat, i keep coughing
If anyone's going to do any talking around here - it'll be 'bout YOU and only YOU.
Woah! Are you trying to break this? I made some simple rules you are trying to ignore. 
i'm getting old and i didn't get to ever enjoy my youth
Hi! If you could have any color hair what would it be and wh
White, I want to be Santa so bad. 
Ooohh.. that's be pretty cool! Also how many pigeons have you been PM'd?
Zero. Lol
Personally I'd like to go back to my youthful orange... like, carrot orange.  I miss it.
Ooh..I don't think I've ever seen carrot orange hair..
It happens!  Gingers FTW :P
Whenever you wanna chat, but you're just not inspired...
You've come to the right place, what's up?! I have problems sticking my fork in my mango. 
I love to talk about anything and everything. Ask me anything. 
I love tagging people in memes.
It’s Christmas and I’m happy and I love you
•&lt; :)
Ticketmaster makes me not want to attend concerts/shows.
Unrelated, but I have never met anyone else who says 'hell the fuck no!' 😂
I gave up attending shows long ago.
That's why pearl jam protested them
Just hit up the box office directly. :)
I just got my first hate DM on Reddit
I wish I got DMs at all 
Why are non drinkers considered boring?
I'm a non drinker in freaking Ireland. It's like playing life on hard mode!
What instantly lifts your mood?
listening to ABBA is like my antidepressant 
YOU ARE THE DANCING QUEEEEEEN YOUNG AND SWEEEET ONLYYYYY SEVENTEEEEEEEN
depression : cured 
No no no you were meant to finish off the lyrics!! Ahah 
Food. Give me all of it :d
1 Ginger Pepsi &amp; my favorite metal band.
etikaWorldNetwork
Bob Ross is making my life better
dude wait till you meet Steve and his smashing
You should take up painting and paint with him :)
Ever wish you could just buy a plane ticket and walk out on your life?
I traveled A LOT from age 27-25, mostly unsupervised. You just need a car and some money.
Whoa!  Where'd you get the time machine?
Im going to learn how to drive today for the first time and I'm over 25.
Once you conquer this fear, anything is possible.  Good luck!   
How are you all doing?
Hey :)
xD
Hey! How are you? Are the holidays going well for you?
Haven’t been great as usual. Spring term starting tomorrow 
they were getting boring so i got a job
My workplace is not open today so I've gotta stick to the boring. 
Right now I'm just relaxing and browsing the Boxing Day sales online!
That sounds really great! Find anything interesting?
Hey, let's talk.
Did you get anything cool for the holidays? When do you go back to school?
I kinda feel cheated on Christmas. I know I'm being selfish but meh.
Why is your wife not buying presents for you?
He is the sole breadwinner. Where does she get money?
Who else is exited for the new season of Black Mirror
I didn't exit, I'm staying right here.
Why do I live in Minnesota?
It is currently 6 degrees in lovely Western NY. I need a vacation.
Help me choose 18 things to do on 2018!
Have you been to a major music festival? 
Question for white guys, name a black female celebrity (or famous instagram model) that you find attractive?
Rihanna 
The first names that popped into my head were Halle Berry and Rosario Dawson. 
Both of those girls are gorgeous! I find it amazing how they are both aging so well. 
Meghan Merkel. So cute. 
Have any of you revisited old, irrelevant games from your past that you love?
Has anybody played Red Alert 2? I redownloaded it a few weeks ago. Those were good times.
Does anyone else really want to meet people but become awkward when people are around?
&gt; I keep thinking the other person hates me. 
hehe yeah i feel the same too, OP
My name is Buddy and I am a dog. If you are feeling sad, we can woof at each other.
woof
WOOF
Do you know where the treats are? You smell like meaty things
That's a bad woofer!
WHY DO YOU SAY THAT??? Do you know where treats are?
have you had some yummy S C H M A C K O S today?
I HAd many schmackos! all the schmackos and chikins too!
Mraow?
*sniff* you are a kitty. are you tasty?
Keep your nose away from me you overenthusiastic stranger. And no, of course not.
What'd you get yourself for Christmas?
I'm thinking of getting myself new winter boots. Not sure what else, if anything at all.
Nice. That means you're pretty content with what you have! 
I'm buying Pokemon tomorrow if the stores are open aha
I got a tablet and Pokemon Ultra Moon. 😊
I’m feeling numb, let’s just have a conversation.
Hej på dig
Tjena, hur är läget?
There should be a subreddit for pairing people up to do nothing except check in on each other once or twice a week to ask how their day has been.
Sounds like it ought to be named /r/casualfriends
What about /r/penpalsofreddit
Says it is unavailable/private
I fuckinhate Christmas
What are you doing right this second?
11:30 in FL. Just started watching die hard. 
Good idea! Maybe I’ll queue it up now so I can watch it with you 
Can’t go wrong with a classic 
Lying in bed
Sounds warm and cozy 
More just wishing the blanckets were thicker
I’m guessing you live somewhere cold 
Nah, just near an ac vent
Turn that shiz off then! :)
Watching Supernatural season 10 and browsing reddit :)
Nice! I’ve never seen that show. I’m guessing it should check it out 
I suggest it. But there's loads of feels in some of the episodes.
I like da feels 
Playing XCOM 2, drinking tea, listening to youtube videos. All in all, nice night! 
I'm having a shitty Christmas and I want just want to wish a merry christmas to everyone who's going through the same!
I am just in my room reading reddit memes.
I'd take the screaming kids any moment :(
What games are you guys playing?
Skyrim, the fact that you can do so much with the game is what makes it cool.
Mods add practically infinite replay value too! I love messing with the physics
The Telltale series? I screwed that up badly the first time D:
One thing I'm afraid of is when we colonize Mars, there will be Earth Truthers claiming that humans never came from Earth and that Earth never existed.
This is so plausible it's actually kinda sad.
There will always be idiots, don't plan your future around them. 
Have you ever read Asimov's Foundation series?
I wouldn't worry so much about things that are 10000 years in the future.
What if we were from Mars and came to Earth
It will start as a joke and satire. It will get adopted by morons.
Except you can literally see Earth from Mars. Just saying.
Does anyone else feel it's hard to make irl friends?
I can make friends but close friends now that's hard to find.
True distinction. 
So I logged into this account
I’m surprised someone hasn’t messed it up already.
Nope, still works.
I'll log out and leave it as found.
Fair enough. I hope it stays like that for a while, it’s a nice idea.
Dick is short for Dicholas 
Different user again. It would be awesome if it remained like this.
I couldn’t get in. Rip.
Didn't last too long, they are now spamming/commenting random things.
no fun allowed
Change it back you tyrant
What a shame. What happened?
I love chatting about foreign customs, cultures and places!
BiH, i also would like to visit USA once...
I am learning Russian language
Privjet!! Hope you pursue it and Goodluck!
Ochen Priyatna, minya zavoot, Vandriver1
At 37 years old I still have a recurring dream that I've forgotten one of my college classes and haven't gone all semester.
Same; am 47 y/o
Hello fellow 47 year old! It's always a math class for me! -_-
I'm 25 and I'm still living in this nightmare.
I’ve just been accepted to my first university!
Congratulations mate! Best of luck to you!
I'm in a bit of a funk today guys. So let's chat!
Hey y’all 
Hello! Strange to see people wanting to conversate within this post, haha.
Damn straight🤠
The usual. Reading , music and priming 
Hello! What's up? :)
Hiya I’m back
I'll make one of your comments into a beautiful image.
This is too cool!
Sounds fun! 
I just wanna tell someone
I'm happy for you. That's a nice feeling to have 
it is:)
Here have a pineapple in these joyous times 🍍
Can confirm pineapples are fucking amazing
Who calls college, school?
Americans? 
Don't they say class? School sounds like a kid. 
You sound like you are about 18 years old.
Says the dude named rancid-testicles. Real mature bro 
As the year slowly comes to an end, brag about your accomplishments from 2017!
How you meet?
I got a D in a class...I could have gotten an F. That's it. :l
I got 99 Fishing in Runescape.
I'm hoping to accomplish the same as you in 2018.
I finished studying aviation mechanics, and just scored my dream job a couple of days ago!
Graduated college and starting working in my field, 
I’m the first one in my family to graduate from college 😊
What’d you get your degree in???
Said I'd move out of state and did. 
What state did you move to?
I got a degree and didn't kill myself. I know right, big stuff. 
I managed to go another year without killing myself. I also lost about 30 pounds. ☺️
You did amazing this year!
And the perfect person is waiting for you; don’t worry about that!
Thanks! ☺️ I just wish I had done more amazing and wasn't lonely/depressed.
I got an award for having the highest academic average in grade 7!
Finally got into music
I assume like playing music?
What do you play?
Lol nope I just never got into liking music :/ I was a bit too edgy
Got my bachelor's degree, got a LOT better from depression and got a job I totally love!
What’s your job and your degree in???
Congrats!!
Thank you! I'm an illustrator/animator. I have a degree in Animation :)
I bought myself a bycicle!
Lost weight and haven't killed myself!
How much weight did you lose?
Not a lot, I wasn't very fat but I lost 6-7 kgs, last year I lost 16kgs, gym is lif.
Whats for dinner today?
Wow. this made me hungry. hope everything goes well in the test
I hope so too! 
The soup is delicious, but even more so on an old cold day like today :)
oook, that's it. i gotta buy food RIGHT NOW!
Stoffers Lasagna Italiano
I have bad social anxiety and I’m using Reddit to slowly work on interacting with others. Talk to me about anything that interests you and I’ll try and chat with you.
why do you have social anxiety? 
it doesn't work 
Working over night at a hotel!
What kind of music do you like?
A lot of classic rock right now what about you? 
Whats your favorite band from that era
Zeppelin or Marshall tucker band have to be my top 2 bands I prefer 70s rock the most 
Oh shoot it's you again!
And it’s you! 
Have you listened to any more Led Zeppelin since last time?
Only all the time! No new songs discovered yet tho! How about you? 
I think at this point I have heard most of their songs.  Which ones are your favorite?
Probably stair way to heaven live from MSG in ‘73 what about you? 
I got straight A’s!!!
I tried to get A's but I'll have to be content with B's, sadly
B’s are definitely something to be proud of!! Congratulations!
Favorite Original Pokemon?
I always liked Onix 
How could you not? :) Giant-ass rock-snake FTW
Probably my second favourite behind Infernape 
Has to be Leafeon. I just love the razor-sharp leaves aesthetic!
Look, I'm a member of the Eevee fan-club too, but we're only doing original 151
Pikachu because obviously 
C'mon.... any other pokemon?
Maybe gastly or Muk 
For the last time ever
Well what random thins do you wanna talk about dude?
I get this question whenever I say random... 
Well, random means anything.
Why did you title this for the last time ever? Just curious
Caused I posted thousand posts like this 
I would REALLY enjoy a chat!!
Same 
so how are you??
I feel like I should be sleeping. Debating it. .-.
Today's my birthday.
Hey it's my birthday too! Happy birthday 😊
happy birthday! My day has been okay. i asked my crush out and im waiting on a response
Go into your browser history: what's the last Wikipedia page you visited?
Mine is about the Big Crush Hypothesis
In case you are having a bad day
My nephew did that once...when he was 4. 
Was he cheating though?
One of life's great mysteries.
Top 10 questions science still can't answer
Not if it's Monopoly. In Monopoly, everyone who's rich is cheating. The game is so realistic.
Reason #53535 to not have kids.
r/childfree is thatta way
Just curious, what was the final grounding period? 2 weeks? 2 months?
Lmao your kid is a snitch you know what you gotta do 
Does anyone hate when you see a thread that you have a good comment for, but the thread was made 5+ hours ago and your comment feels useless?
Ask me in 5hrs ...
The only solution is vigilance, subreddit surveillance, cocaine and multiple screens. 
Once posted in a thread over a year old. OP still responded
I thought the posts automatically get archived after 6 months? 
might have exaggerated a bit
Yes, all the time...hope I'm not too late for this one!
Here's an orange envelope for you friend! Hope your day's going well. 
Thanks, friend! So far, so good (despite the usual anxiety). Hope your day is going well too!
Yeah not bad! just another hour and a half of my work day to go! Huzzah!
Yes right on! Now probably less than an hour left...wait same here for me!
I post my comments anyway. I have no illusions of my posts being seen by anyone.
No one will ever upvote this comment, but that’s okay.
You're wrong! Have an upvote!
Hurray!
Live in the 'rising' channel.
I usually comment regardless, even if it does get burried.
&gt;Posted 8 hours ago
Shit 
&gt;Posted 13 hours ago
heck 
OUR COMMENTS ARE USELESS! IT'S TOO LATE! 
I’m not even going to bother on commenting now!
I tried
It's never too late.
damit
Well I had a good comment for this, but now it’s 9 years old and my comment feels useless.
Solution: be on Reddit more during the day. We are one...
Well there's time zone so...
Does this comment matter?
Every single time I post a comment.(this comment,for example. Fuck.)
This
Never fails,does it?
It's like nobody even reads your comments
Pretty much. Not sure if I'm boring,or just late to every post,lol
Hey, I'm feeling a bit down.
Hey! You wanna talk about what's going on?
Hi, I'm Allie!!  Why are you feeling down?
Studies, Allie. Studies got me a bit down.
Hey /u/MetalJaw, how has your day been? :) 
Not so good, but it has gotten better.
What's going on that's made your day not so good? 
Jerk peers, Matt. I already got enough on my plate, but they really get on my nerves.
What have your peers been doing that's so jerky?
I have run out of people to reach out to
Saved a kid from a heroin overdose, it's always fun. 
Always? How often do you do that?
4 times in about 2 weeks now. It's an epidemic 
How are you finding them?
Work yo!
What do you do for work exactly?!
Deal heroin mostly 
... I believed you for a second longer then I would like to admit.
Lol. Nah I'm a paramedic 
I did some research on immigration process
What video games have you been playing this week?
Doki Doki Literature Club.  It's free, it's not what it seems, play it. 
An old classic I never finished as a kid: Secret of Mana.
Why is this so hard??
there is no trick to karma, just keep posting and soon you will reach it
I'll help you out and go through your comment history up-voting :) 
Hahahaha omg I never would have thought about that!! 
OMG haha. Thanks for the gold. It's my first one. &lt;3 
I don't understand this gifting pizza thing. 
I just upvoted every comment from the last month in your history hope that helps :)
Awesome! Thank you!! 
Your more then welcome :) 
Have some reddit gold!
Thank you ! I hope you cracked the 600 karma. 
I did!!! You guys are amazing!
Just have atrending post....got a OG post to 4k upvotes....boosted my karma good
Just got home from my first ever date at 25! I was nervous but I’m proud of myself.
Good for you mate. Onwards and upwards!
If time flew by that means it wasn't awkward and conversation was flowing 
Congratulations! I hope you both had a great time.
I enjoyed it and like I said it flew by. I'm hoping I can get a second date.
Congrats! It's gotta start somewhere
What did you do mate?
Just a quick bite and walk went by fast.
Give us an update later!! And post wedding pics in a few years!
What do you love doing, but are bad at?
Cooking anything complex. It is hard to know when something is done.
What is it that you love about cooking complex meals?
Drawing haha
What do you like to eat at the moment?
A bagel and little donuts. :d
That's nice. Comfort food I guess? To be honest, :) I never had bagel before. 
I'm very into oranges and clementines lately.  
I could go for some English muffin pizzas.
I could really go for something with a ton of mozzarella in it right now. 
With pizza or bread? 
There's something magical about airports at night.
I'm with you.  I love it. 
Do it enough and it gets boring. 
That’s everything though 
Yeah, I’m on board with this. 
I’ll check this out sometime...
Just plan your trip well first. Don't just wing it. 
That’s the ticket!  Thanks for the tip.
You are getting punny! Calling you out, plane and simple
My love of puns is really taking off!
My love of puns is actually a bit more grounded.
Sounds like you’ve got some baggage there.  More to that story, I guess?
My brain is being hijacked by all these shitty plane puns.
At least you’re not board...
I work at an airport, I agree. Its a nice time to take a break.
I've always thought of airports as like a 24/7 mall. Truth?
For PDX sortof, stores close from 11pm to 4am.
PDX! Best airport ever, love it.
I havent been to an airport in my entire life :(
It must be somewhere nice if he never left... 
Fun when you bring a skateboard or pennyboard too😄👍
l'm a lil drunk!! what's up how is everyone
Half a bottle of wine deep myself. 
Pizza
hey wine friend!! l made pizza tonight with almond flour and it was like pretty good
What type of wine? Finished my bottle of Beaujolais
I'm getting drunk and blasting 80's country music for whatever reason.
Any chance we can ban depression as a conversation topic?
Serious topics need more discussion not less
What do you want to achieve in 2018?
Well 2018 I’ll be doing my GCSE’s so good grades in that is the main thing I wanna achieve.
All the best mate :)
I️ just called the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline for the first time
I'm glad that you are still here with us. 
What did the guy on the phone say to change your mind? 
It was just his tone of voice... he didn’t force his words 
How many people have you replied to now? 
Awesome to hear you called and are still here. I believe in you! 
I'm glad this is an older thread so I'll get ignored everyone who says it gets better is a liar
How come 
What's something good that happened to you today?
uhh..i got some work done today. 
That's one less thing you have to do tomorrow or later. I call it a win!
My favorite show was added to Amazon Prime after being off streaming sites for about 2 years.
Working on a documentary for class and IMovie is actually pretty nice. 
Two Truths and a Lie
#3 is your lie?
3 is very true. 
1. I've never been to Florida
2. I've never had a cavity
3. I've never seen Forrest Gump
OOhhh,.. tough ones. I'll say, #1 is the lie
1 - True  
2 - Lie  
3 - True
Correct! What are yours?
1 - I can speak french  
2 - I've never watch *Star Wars*  
3 - I've broken my arm once
1. I hate Rebel scum.
2. I hate Star Wars.
3. Shortbread is the greatest food in the world.
Your username suggests that #1 might be true, and that #2 might be false. 
1) I own a dog
2) I've had a vacation in South America
3) I've been summoned for jury duty
Wow! We're trending! Say hi to all the new conversationalists we'll be getting
This is MY swamp! MY swamp.
(...Hi.)
Can this be MY swamp?
Hmm... I suppose it could be... *OUR* swamp?
Yeah! CC is awesome!
And how many of those are going to be shit head trolls?
I can't Reddit
There's a limit or some shit. Just need 5 karma.
The reasoning makes sense, just didn't realise it was a thing
I'm in the same boat, just a different subreddit...
Upvoting your comments to help, mate. 
Post to /r/meirl they upvote anything 
Don't worry, friend.
Reddit can't Reddit right, either.
I've been on Reddit since July and you have more karma than me wtf
Look at you now 
just so you know, his new album's shite
Agree to disagree mate
how much hip hop do you listen to?
Here's an upvote! Now get into r/eminem with the rest of us assholes, ya little rascal!
What is your reason to live?
For my wife and son. They need me and I need them.
oh gorsh thats sad
I watched Cloud Atlas, a 3 hour movie, yesterday and I’m watching it again today.
Manchester by the Sea! Twice in one week.
I love my husband AND his social anxiety.
Aw, the poor thing! That's adorable. :) I bet that cashier got a good giggle out of that. 
She was laughing at me a bunch. I think. 
yep, I'll just take a wrong order instead of correcting the worker to avoid confrontation
Who sais hot chocolate isn't for adults?
I created a DnD campaign and no one was interested. When it was found out that I'm a woman suddenly there's interest.
*facetables* Humans...
I thought it was pronounced Headdesk
Hey everybody! Anybody feel like chatting?
Hey there mate, Russia here
Hey there Russia, mate here. 😂 how are you today?
Yeah not bad there, and yourself?
hello! are you still around? if so, i'd be delighted to chat!
Hello, I am indeed!
Has anyone else lost interest in Christmas as they've gotten older?
Wait.  Youve made a Christmas wishlist until 36?
What do you guys want for Christmas? I need inspiration
Nothing. Try minimalism out  
A crockpot or instant pot.
I adopted a teenage boy update.
I honestly can’t be more impressed by your patience. I hope things continue to improve! :)
Maybe a xpost in /r/adoption? Pretty sure folks over there would appreciate it. 
Did she put it back in afterwards?
Is it possible to adopt a teenage girl to serve as a sex slave?
Wtf
just curious, geez
Its just kindof a weird thing to be curious about imo.
Found a reddit account
I think this is a bot honestly. 
Your username. What's its story?
It's my xbox live username. Similar to picture perfect, but with a gun to your head XD
Invert each word in mine name, to find me.
Girl just sang her heart out in math class
I love little miracles like this, that shake up everyday life.
Glad you told us. Now go tell HER! lol
Everyone told her lol. She got the praise she deserved for the show she put on
Now take her to prom
And then everyone clapped
What’d she sing?
You Will Be Loved
Nevermind on wanting a link.
Aight. You find something or just lose interest? 
Finals week for anyone else?
Yep! Had two finals last week and four more this week. Good luck on your exams!
Damn! That's hefty. Thanks though!
Two finals and two final projects due in the next due weeks! So excited for the 21st :p
Thankfully I'm done after t the 15th :D and have until like January 28th off!
I have my first of three midterms tomorrow. I'm on reddit instead of studying. ^^please help me 
Haha well gettup and get at it! What classes are they for? 
Spanish then physics then geometry. 
That's wild lmao whata your major? I'm a senior basically 
1 final last week, two finals this week, and 1 next week. 
Not too bad, good luck man
50 Simple Pleasures
1. A good sandwich
2. The feeling of complete immersion in a video game.
3. Cheese
I'm having a baby!!!!
I hope you gave it a cool and unique name! 
Any baby yet? 
Not yet at the hospital again today after being released yesterday
Hope Avery makes her appearance soon! Come out Avery, Reddit wants to meet you! 
Hey r/CasualConversation! It's time to vote for the best of the best of 2017.
Please use this sticky comment for general discussion.
#best user*uh no links, just /u/ mention your favorite cc contributor*
/u/poeshmoe
this is an exciting race - my vote is for /u/siriuslywinchester!
Aww thanks.  My vote was a coin toss between you and Chris and Chris won.  now i feel bad!
/u/LorelaiGranger is 100000x times better than me!!! HOW DARE YOU!! 
jk &lt;3
staaaaahp 
BUT YOU'RE CHRIS EVANS
OK OK FINE I CAN'T DISAGREE WITH THAT
but also, YOU'RE SIRIUSLYWINCHESTER!
I CANT VOTE FOR MYSELF.
Cards Against Humanity sent me $15
I impulsively ordered myself a Nintendo Switch... does that count?
Awesome. How do you like it? 
It hasn’t arrived yet, I order it off eBay.
How much was it from eBay?
About $460...
Wait what....???
Can’t you buy a new one for like $300?
Does it include some games?
Yes, the new Mario and the new Mario and Rabbids 
Haha I ordered one when they first came out and after a month sold it to my friend. 
Ugh could've sold it to meeee 😭 why didn't you like it?
I need to check my third envelope. Maybe I can be rich like you.
Maybe richer! The 100 poorest contributors got $1000. 
We got snow in England which is unusual for this time of year, so I made a snowman. Good times. 
We did? Where abouts in England are you? 
When did you get your second one?? I've only gotten one so far. 
I'm a social worker too! What part of the field do you work in? 
You're a part of their marketing campaign plaguing Reddit, amongst other media. Congratulations.
What do you think about the name 'Clara' ?
Sounds like an old lady name to me
Oh... then I need to make a new one! Any suggestion?
I think it's an absolutely lovely name.
I just gave my best friend an early Christmas present and she nearly cried
So how long are you planning on just having a crush on her ? 2 years is a pretty long time.
No offense, but I remind this story being told exactly the same way a few days ago?
Was it? I posted this story last night but it got deleted so I'm posting again.
Ah okay, than that's where I remembered it. The few days ago seemed to be just hours then.
Working the night shift, any other night owls around?
Yup, no work tonight!
Can you speak backwards fluently? I'd like to learn :) IDK why.
Is it a chain hotel?
It is. Think meet me at the hotel, motel, ________________.
I don't have any idea.
Seen anything happen yet?
I feel like you and I have done this before.
Joke: you ever seen the serial number at the base of a condom?
Can't say that I have :)
Does anyone else love taking a bath? Any other relaxation tips?
Shower beer, an ice cold can and warm water. 
Shower shots (although this might cross a line, I’m not sure. I’m an alcoholic lol)
Anyone else feel extremely nervous while posting on Reddit?
I’m afraid it will never be seen (like this comment)
You got my attention buddy
2.2k upvotes so next time you won't be nervous
I got drunk and booked flights to Switzerland - should I go?
Sure. I've heard they have good chocolate. 
Of yourse! I'm sure it would be a day you'd never forget.
I think Drunk-you should go since they bought the ticket
It would be a waste if you didn't. A day in Geneva is a day well spent.
If you can afford it, go.  If you can’t afford it, go anyway.  It’s Sweden!
Yeah come gimme a visit it's nice and snowy here :)
I think we all imagined that lasers would be playing a much greater role in our lives at this point
It's not a laser, it's a little light bulb that blinks.
Shouldn't this be in /r/Showerthoughts?
Please teach me how to courtesy smile without looking like I pooped my pants.
Stand in front of the mirror and poop your pants. Whatever your face does? Don't do that.
I built my first ever computer!
what hw did you get?
What's everyone up to on this fine Friday?
Probably studying all day and a bit of gaming real late tonight.
nothing, can't wait.
Jealoussss. Ima be fairly busy today,  hopefully my work shift won't be too bad 
I legitimately thought today was Thursday until I got into work.
Hahahha well that's a welcome surprise I'm sure!
Currently at NASA waiting for a bus.
That's sick! What brought you to NASA?
I'm looking for new hobbies!
Gold prospecting. Gets you outdoors and possibly with a side income 
Unfortunately there's not too much gold in the Midwest XD
Really?  Dam. I'm in the gold fields in Australia and still can find any. 
How about fishing? 
Have you found gold?
Yes but only a few grams. 
It’s snowing in Houston for the first time since 2008.
No way. I'm not seeing snow. What part of town&gt;
Houston we have a problem
&gt; since 2008
It snowed, albeit it very lightly, in 2014 IIRC. Just sayin'.
My 2.5 year old toddler burned me hard today.
Manboobs are annoying. I blame mine on all the plastic and chemicals in our food and water.
Might be better blaming it on lack of exercise, and poor serving size choices.
Read about gynecomastia. They don't necessarily go away with exercise. 
My friends kid once asked if I'm pregnat. I'm a guy ;)
Was this over Yahoo answers?
How is babby formed?
if it was me, i'd just wear one. 
If you were handed $10 million USD tax free right now, what would you do with it?
Start a school.
Let's play a game of Never Have I Ever!
Never have I ever had something larger than a cm radius stuck up my nose.
I actually had a tube in my nose to check out my sinuses one time so I'd say yes lol
I got a jelly bean stuck up there.
Never have I ever had a kissed a girl
Hey! I have. It's been a while, but I have lol
I have aswell. 
How old were you? 
Who am I?
Jackie Chan?
I'm interested to see what my profile tells about me?
There's a stripper sleeping in my bed right next to me right now.
Did you....
Thats more like it. Now go and make the coffee for her.
she doesnt like coffee but i plan on waking her up with a nice kiss if you know what i mean ;)
I like where this is going
By the way, is she hot?
oh god yes.... god. yes.
Wow. I'm surprised by the comments. I would worry about my health. 
Do you think it's weird that some people like to hang out in their cars in parking lots?
Not gonna lie, I get pretty sketched out when I pass by people doing this at night.
We're there to watch you...
I do it all the time so don't feel bad bro
How did you kick life's ass today?
Life kicked me in the ass. :( I've been defeated. 
I finished my first final exam. 4 more to go
Huzzah! Was it easy or hard? Think you did well?
I hope so. I got most of it but couldn't do the last question
What do you want?
My ex back. But it's pointless. 
Someone to Love. 
Love will find you.
I'm a 21 year old guy that wants to talk to anyone about anything
Hi! Do you want to be a gym teacher with your major? Or what else? 
Do you want to talk about our Lord Arceus?
Seen the Room and Disaster Artist?
Just had a dream in which I was urinating. I quickly woke up, panicked, and then...found everything dry. Has this ever happened to you?
Yes and it’s better than having everything wet.
Let me provide some thing for yoooou.
I could go for a compliment. Feeling pretty weird at the moment. 
I will go 2 truths 1 lie
Does anyone else have a hard time hearing words in songs?
Yes, almost always.
I hate the prhrase Money doesn't bring you happiness
You can be rich and unhappy.
Better to cry in a Ferrari than on a bike.
money doesnt buy happiness but poverty brings misery 
“Money doesn’t bring you happiness, but it’s more comfortable to cry in a Mercedes than a GM.” 
Yo. Where are YOU from?
Brazil. I don't know if I like it or not.
I've always found Brazil to be one of the most interesting of most South American countries.
Checking in from good ole South Carolina :) hello from down south!
Howdy fellow South Carolinian! 
It's a beautiful day here in SC isn't it? What part of the state are you from man??
Upstate NY! 518 represent.
What is your favourite creative activity?
I like to draw, i have recently started drawing again.
I enjoy making planes in a simulation based builidng game called Besiege :)
Spotify has just rolled out their 2017 Wrapped campaign and they've provided me with a bunch of stats ...
Now you've got all this music to recommend to people next year!
I tried to do my homework with a fork
Are you higher than me right now 
May be you were sub consciously hungry. Now you've got the fork out make good use of it.
I'm always hungry though
Started an assignment an hour ago, its due in an hour. Pretty good tbh.
But are you writing with a fork?
No but at one point I did type for like 10 mins without realising I infact was not typing 
Haha man that's so great though ^ ^
Guess you'll have to start eating with a pen. 
Challenge accepted
Did you edit that from the grave?
If you try and write with a fork, you're going to have a bad tine.
Take the upvote and fork off. :) 
Not till I get to the root of the issue;)
I’m in detention 
How does that even work.
I’ve made a bowl of root beer before in my sleepy stupor. Yes, a bowl. It wasn’t half bad.
Did you finish it?
I did! Conclusion: glow-in-the-dark bacteria are frickin' cool
Excuse me, but this is a Christen server, so please no swearing.
Do you ever say “I love you” to your friends?
I just told my guy friend tonight. He was like are you gay
My friend is ghosting me on my birthday!
Fuck her
We're totally going to lose the battle for Net Neutrality, and it's pretty depressing.
Hey, buddy, we're gonna be okay. We aren't losing any battles. Promise. ❤️
*Buy 50 more internet promises NOW for $59.99!*
Do I get a sense of pride and accomplishment? Or is that extra?
Question: Why can't everyone gang up and attack the FCC building?
What kind of music/artists and bands do you guys find yourself listening to most often?
Psychedelic Soul, Indie, R&amp;B, Metalcore.. I literally make the music that I want to hear. 
What TV show can you watch over and over again?
New Girl!!! 
I LOVE The Golden Girls! It made me so happy to see it on your post! 
Whose Line is It Anyway - even years later, the clips of the show on YouTube are still funny
My gosh that show *is* hilarious. Did you watch any of the reboot?
with Aiysha Tyler?  Funny!
Roseanne.
Ive watch it through 4 times.
Oh wow, I haven't watched that since it was airing!
LOST, Coupling, You're the Worst
Is LOST on any streaming sites?
Boy Meets World, Hey Arnold, Breaking Bad, and The Bernie Mac Show.
Where do you watch Hey Arnold? Thst show was great.
What’s your top 3 favorite movies?
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind  
I have yet to see this one ..
Das Boot,  Amadeus, Tombstone
As a millennial, I look forward to senior retirement homes: as kids we played video and board games in each other’s houses. As elderly, we’ll hopefully have regular Smash Brothers or Catan tourneys in our daily actives.
Virtual Reality Role playing games where we get to be young again.
So that episode of Black Mirror? 
It's a Futurama episode. A reality based on an idea they got from The Matrix.
It's *also* a Black Mirror episode. :D
ROY RULES!
Pffft. You think you'll get to retire. 
Or have games once in a retirement home??
board games and a tv are far less expensive than vintage video game consoles
Magic: The Gathering -- large print edition
This i could see!! I'm down
I don’t know... the text print on the planeswalker skills might still be too small.
Millennials know about smash bros?   
Has anyone gotten more anti-social with age?
I'm a sophomore in college and I'm MUCH more introverted than my high school self. Anyone else?
10 am, and the first morning in this fall with snow so I couldn't be happier
alone.
You okay, there?  
Is anyone else really fascinated by accents?!
Women from Australia accents are a turn on for me. 
Well howyagarn 
Ummm?
Yes. I'm absolutely fascinated by Israeli accents especially.
What's everyone favourite video game to play?
Still playing Skyrim!
Definitely New Vegas, i love the RPG element in the game
I just spent $17 in Chinese food. What are you having for dinner tonight?
Hashbrowns, over medium eggs and curry ketchup
Probably skip dinner and have a beer or 2
I made brownies with ice cream and a baked vegetables. Don't judge me
What is your biggest secret?
I've never had a girlfriend.
How old roughly? 
over 20.
I'm having an affair. We both are married. And we are thinking of having a baby together. 
does Mark know about this???
Who tf is Mark? Lol
just trying to be funny, and apparently it worked...
Oookk....
lol
Because it is a turn on.
I'm bi.
And i'm pretty confortable in my closet. Not planning to come out.
Good morning!
good...
Awesome. 
double awesome!
Who's up for a little musical experiment?
Alright let's do it!
The weirdest thing happened to me in the mosh pit last night
Biology teachers are the best. =D
How do you even pronounce ho99o9?
It's pronounced Horror orally, they just stylized the writing
I would have never even come close to guessing that.
Thanks bro
Wait... Toulouse, France ?
If so, are you coming to the Testament gig tomorrow night? 
How do you pronounce ho99o9?
Hi there. I am Male and 24. I currently live in Las Vegas.
Go ahead! 
Ask away! 
Awesome idea! Ask away! 
Go for it
What house would the sorting hat put you in?
Why do you watch soccer? 
I don't really know, have just followed it all my life,
I hope I'm not too late to this, it sounds interesting and different! 
I hope it is :)
So why do you post pictures of gorgeous women?
Yes, do it, please, it will be fun
Hahaha why do you think it will be fun?
Because I spend most of my time asking questions, now I get to answer some. 
Dope! I get that feel :) I get it from time to time.
So what kind of questions do you ask?
my accounts really new so you won’t find much but, go for it
What up bb?
What do you do in the navy? 
I’m a boring 23 year old guy, find something interesting to ask me! 
Do you have any tattoos yourself? Why do you like looking and posting about bad ones?
Do me do me! I love attention! 
Awesome idea man.  It was a great read!
Hey everybody! What big things have you been up to this past week?
Just studying and finishing up projects as the semester winds down.
Ah yeah, I'm in the same boat. Hope you do well!
I put a lot of pressure on myself so I'm hoping to do better than well.
It's good to aim high! Just remember to look after yourself.
Got a new cat 
Fantastic! What's their name? Mind if I see some pictures?
As a Canadian, I'm avoiding Reddit today
As an American, I support Canadian Conquest. Please just come down here and sort us out.
Well burn down your white house again.
I want to kink shame you
I'm open about my homosexuality and coprophilia
I am sorry, I live in a bubble I guess. I live in America. Did I miss something?
Life is fucking weird, just experienced the biggest coincidence
Nerelisiniz kanka 
give me three songs you like
1. Dance, Dance - Fall Out Boy.
2. Entertainment - Phoenix.
3. Club Paradise - Drake.
is club paradise also with kigity k?
Kodaline-One Day
WILD- Back to you
OneRepublic- Burning Bridges
- Paranoid Android by Radiohead
-Alright by Supergrass
-30 Lives by Imagine Dragons
follow you follow me - Genesis 
The Love You're Given - Jack Garratt 
Georgia - Vance Joy
Loooooove Tony Banks keyboard solo in that song.
I’m a sucker for any song with Phil Collins.
Evanescence - October
Red - Hide
illenium feat. king deco – reverie
i can't find the first song, do you wanna provide another one?
-Electric Light Orchestra - Telephone Line
-frederic - Oddloop
-Arcade Fire - Normal Person
the second song is already in the playlist, do you have another song?
What do you love?
Playing musical instruments. I want t 
Arctic Monkeys. My favourite band, I live and breath the monkeys.
Favorite song?
Cornerstone. Amazing lyrics and instrumental. I could listen to it all day.
I LOVE LEARNING 
I got a new pair of heels! What's your latest purchase?
I got a few pairs of jogger pants. 
Cool! I've never worn them haha, how are they?
They're comfortable af. But it made me realize how skinny my legs are lol
I bought some stuff for my secret santa
My name is Simon_Draws and I am a novelty account. I originally started off drawing pics to make redditors happy. I haven't done anything nice for anyone in a while, so I thought I'd take requests today.
1 giraffe, please.
Today, I am presenting as a woman for the first time in my life.
All the best!  If you don't mind, report back on how the day goes!
I'm looking forward to my first full day too!
One day
I find it gross but whatever I guess 
That's awesome! But let me ask you a real question: Chick-fil-A, or Wendy's?
Do you want a medal for that? Do what you have to do and get on with your life
You have a mental disease. 
If nothing truly matters...
What if nothing makes you happy, though?
I switched on autopilot 
It'd be cool if we could see our stats after dying.
How do you know we can't? 
I just assumed.
Assumptions don't get you far in life, kid
Thats the point. He's tryna get there faster to find out.
My driving instructor told me 'when you assume you make an ass of u and me'
Sorta of a weird question but was your instructor from Vegas?
/r/outside is leaking again. 
For once, I'm gonna do my own thing and be happy.
I'm ecstatic to hear this! 
Thanks, Mistah! I'm really looking forward to tomorrow. Getting my nails done as a little treat.
Ooo, sounds fancy and pampering! 
Yeeeee. :3
I'm happy for you though, you should get all the pampering 
Hehe :3
was it A M A Z I N G?
I dunno .o.o
Well what do you know? 
Nothing. :(
You know many things my friend! 
Hey hey hey hey hey hey 
^^^si
So anyway, how's life been going? Did you end up getting your own place this semester? 
Let's play truth or dare! (Possibly NSFW)
Truth. Nsfw also fine.
Where was the most interesting place you found yourself naked?
Truth, nsfw or not
What is your unpopular opinion?
Rich people are all horrible
Well you'll love me then lol. 
Truth (either way is good)
What time period would you most want to live in?
truth, nsfw ok
Truth, NSFW allowed.
Favorite part about your body?
Truth, NSFW is okay.
Most interesting kink or fetish?
Truth. Nsfw ok 
This should be fun. Truth, nsfw okay.
Did you ever break the law? How?
Truth, NSFW is fine I guess but there's nothing really juicy to spill in that regard
What is essential for your dream home?
Truth nsfw is fine
Who would you most want to sleep with if you knew they would consent to it?
NSFW is fine
Truth. Make it dirty lmao
Describe your best orgasm and what led up to it. 
NSFW? Maybe? 
Who was your childhood crush from tv/movies?
T r u t h
✔️NSFW
How do you want to die. 
Truth and Dare nsfw ok
Are you still playing this? I'm fine with truth or dare. 
Yeah. Do you want one or the other or both?
Alright, let's play it. Can go NSFW if you want.
Am pretty sure I'm late to this possible truth or dare :(
It just dawned on me I've never seen a Corgi in person
I rarely see them but when I do it's almost always when I am running and I can't pet them
... This just blew my mind. I haven't seen either ,but I love corgis.
The Corgi is a mythological creature. Like owls.
And Finns
All Finns or just the Sami?
What if the real Corgis are the friends we've made along the way?
They are real, and they're even more cute and dinky than you'd expect them to be.
Why must you torture me so 😦😢😭
If you live in California, go to Corgi Beach Day in Huntington Beach it will change your life.
Live with a corgi, can confirm their existence
WE HAVE A CORGI AND LOVE IT! 
I love your corgi too &lt;3
Where do you live that you’ve never seen a corgi and have only recently seen a dachshund? 
You've never seen me either.
Am I a ghost?
I mean, maybe? For all I know you are a super smart cat
I'm far too dumb to be a super smart cat.
No saying you're dumb, Lucas!
23F looking for conversation..
Tell me your job please
Why don't I hear people talking about being VEGETARIAN, why do people always want you to immediately turn vegan?
Labels are stupid.
Im Brazillian, so i gotta ask: why go vegan?
Are you being sarcastic? I genuinely can't tell. 
No, vegetarians and vegans arent a fad in here as much as in the states
My BF told me stories until I fell asleep last night.
Have you even heard the tragedy of Aesir Loki the wise?
It's not a story the Norse are likely to tell...
My schoolteacher named her child something very unfortunate
While unfortunate, people need to be kinder anyways.
Children are always kinder!
My mom just called me a failure to my face. Could use some cheering up. :/
self esteem 
I am an agnostic atheist and I hate it when atheists ridicule religious people
Agnostic atheist is a major oxymoron.
5 q's going up... on a tuesday.
1. Not for a while.
2. Naughty.
3. No good reason why not.
4. A maths professor. 
5. Miss
a maths professor! what the.
What the what? Did I misunderstand the question somehow?
nah just saying, it's not common for ppl to want to become maths professors
Do you ever answer these questions :P
I’m lonely as hell
You can talk to me.
I know how you feel completely. Hi. 
Anyone here feel they've wasted huge chunks of their life?
Kind of?  School was mostly a waste of time and money.
I agree, feel my associates did nothing -.-
I have a bachelors and I have never felt more worthless in my life 
whats it in?
What will you keep doing for the rest if your life?
Lay down, try not to cry, cry a lot.
Sometimes it's important to cry. It's okay.
Sorry to be so whiny, i don't think it was the type of comment you where expecting
22 year old female
I'm a 22 year old male who's also lonely. Let's be friends.
Alright. Hi. 
How's it going? What'd you get up to today?
It's going good. Nothing much just relaxed at home today. 
How did you meet the person you're currently dating?
Tinder obviously.
Lol so mater of factly hahaha
I was surprised no one mentioned it before me :P
Still well played lol
I finally deleted the Facebook app from my phone
I like FB so.... Bring on the downvotes and redditors telling me it's the devil.
I deleted my Facebook 7 years ago and never looked back
Does anyone want to play the question game?
Most overrated TV show?
Full house - sucked then, no justification for fuller house now. 
Hi, relationship-wise, right now I'm single and looking for a GF.
How hard are you looking?
Moderately hard, but not very smart.
Why do you ask? Do you know any potential girlfriends?
Being single kinda sucks
Just got informed I will be getting divorced at 36 so yeah I feel ya on that one.
Ah shit man... I’m sorry. My mom is twice divorced so I’m 100% understanding the pain.
I love it when I’m watching a show or movie and it takes place somewhere I’ve lived or been and I can recognize landmarks and things
This has never ever happened to me lol 
Let's take stabs at each other.
Youre a fucking idiot and your parents never loved you.
Stab me bruh
Anyone else think it’s basically impossible to have a differing opinion on reddit?
*Umm... I disagree*
Just had my first kiss and can’t stop smiling :)
*fist bump*
*high five, even though I know this fist bump wasn't for me*
*high five, you deserve it too*
Hug!
*manly back pat*
Mind if I squeeze in?
*turns into group hug*
Wow man, I'm also 20 and this gives me hope. 
Keep believing!
I'll kiss you!
My boyfriend was 27 when he got his first! Sometimes it takes time especially if you’re shy!
What did you feel during the kiss?
Probably lips.
Still waiting for mine and Im 22..
;*
Fuck is that supposed to mean? 
Syntax error?
Winking face with puckered lips?
Could be anything I guess!
42 here.. gonna happen any minute now...
right ???
You're 42 and never had a kiss?
nope.. if you can up with any funny jokes  havent heard before you get a price
AWESOME!!! this is fantastic to hear. Good for you, man. Treat her well!
OP never said it was a girl tho
Have I offended you
Nice going boi. I'm 16 and still lonley...
Nice! I'm about to have mine next week and I'm really excited about it
Can we get a post from you next week? I'd like to hear about this little tale 
Yesterday, on the bus, my girlfriend kissed me. It was the first time ever. Congratulations, OP!
I'm 20 too. Never even gone out on a date! Happy you found your first kiss :D
Get off reddit and put yourself out there! Expand ur network dude/dudette! 
I don't mind it. Don't really have the time for anything, let alone romantic stuff.
30, still waiting. Being disabled sucks. 
Let's be friends 23/Female/TX
Fellow Texan here! I'm not from Austin but keep it weird my friend ;)
Hell yea brother. Born and raised in the Lone Star State.
He (24M) asked me (22F) to be his girlfriend!
Congratulations you two.
Congrats! Just took someone out on their first date so I'm pretty excited as well.
Awesome!! How was it?!
We both had a good time, scheduling another date for the weekend!
 Awesome!! What did you do on the first date?
I had an awesome date last night!
Sounds awesome! This made me happy to read.
How nice! Got any advice for me. I haven't got a date :(
Just tried a Reese's for my first time
That's probably like among my favorite chocolates there are. That sugar. :d
I love the Reeses peanut butter bites.
Are those mini versions of the cups or the M&amp;M looking ones?
The M&amp;M looking ones.
 wasabi and soy sauce almonds. I made myself sick the other day by eating way too much. 
Oh damn. I LOVE spicy foods and anything that makes me sweat. 
Get the blue diamond brand it's way good. 
Did you try this brand for your first time?
 No the first timer I had them they were from Sprouts Market. 
You threw them out?? You monster!
I never realized that this would be the biggest regret of my life so far :(
Your post prompted me to add this to my shopping list for my next trip
I'm also new to to Reese's I was presently surprised with the little cupcakes.
so what'd you buy today?
Not a damn thing. Still trying to recover from my massive hangover 
too much wine? lol
Nothing I wanted was on sale, so I didn't buy anything :(
What did you want??
I kind of wanted a bigger ssd for my laptop
They had those on sale on amazon!
I live in Canada so it's not as big here :(
I need someone to hug me and tell me it’s going to be okay. what trying days I’m so exhausted 
I’m sick with a nasty cold. It’s been keeping me from sleeping. :(
It's my birthday, I am happy and there is nothing depressing about this post
Happy Birthday! Reddit loves you &lt;3
good bot
Ive been 30 for 7 minutes.
Just wait till you turn 40 ;) Jokes aside happy birthday.
Happy birthday. We share it. 
we share it too! go us :)
Go team! 
Will somebody please just talk to me.
by her do you mean the Lara Croft in 2013 Tomb Raider reboot?
I'm so happy today I'm so close to 1000 karma
Is it too late to realise I'm literally begging for upvotes now?
I got ya fam 
Ya been got
Ya done been gotted.
We don’t get got
We gon get 
Got it.
We done gon get got.
Allll ABOARRRDD!
You don't get karma from text posts, only comments... ;)
i dont know how people got a lot of post karma. i only have comments karma.
congrats OP, you did it!
He hasn't?
It’s at &gt;1600 now
Next post: I’m so close to 2000 karma!
He’s so close to 2500 now!
Almost 3000 now
Reddit may be a fickle beast, but it came through for OP today
And over 3000. Next stop: 4K
I just hit 10k a little while ago lol 
Check mine. Sorry.
How to get karma (what is it)
I like how your comment sounds like a google search!
Im a noob , i came from the far lands of buzzfeed
Go back.
Why the hatred dude .
I'm waiting for my 100k karma
Where can one see one's karma? 
When you get 255,000 like I have, you realize you’ve wasted your life. 
Yeah when I hit 100,000 I thought something really cool was gonna happen... it did not.
Wait til you hit a million, then you get the key to the blackjack and hooker room
I know what you mean.  I'm sitting at 999 right now.
Enjoy the pasta :)
BOOM, You’re welcome!~
I’m currently at 990
I got ya!
jus passed a thousand myself.. i feel ya
FWIW Karma isn't money, I mean it's nice but hey have an upvote.
Lol I’m at 920
I just reached 10k the other day!
I'm almost 500! Where's the party tonight? 
I’ll give the first like to start the party
Getting karma is easy. Having people remember you is difficult
Keep going. You can do it! 
We'll see you in Century Club when you've reached 100,000. 
&lt;3 
I think I'm wasting too much time here... 
i have 47,000 in commmnt karma. I've been here too long and i'm drunk. riun AWAY
Have you had 6 pastas now?
What's a popular movie/films series you've never seen?
Not a movie or film series, but I have never seen Game Of Thrones. 
What was your favorite part of today?
I got a free 10$ from playstation and used it to buy Uncharted Nathan Drakes collection on sale 
Why did you get a free $10? Was it a coupon?
I got my dream job offer!
So yeah. My day was ok :)
I destroyed my squat PR
What's everyone up to before Thanksgiving?
Working.
Wokring tomorrow?
I'm playing overwatch:)
My cousin plays that, but I can't get into it. 
Are ring pops the worst candy in the world? Because I'm at work with one in my mouth and it sure feels like it.
I appreciated the imagery. 
Bet she had left over Halloween candy she wanted to get rid of. 
No, circus peanuts are the worst candy in the world.
They're not so bad.  At least they're not messy and sticky.
&gt;not ... sticky
Drop even a half a drop of liquid on them and yes they are. 
Well they make up for it with that fabulous flavor they have!
Candy corn is up there too but I think you’re right 
Can't have Butterfinger without candy corn, I love it.
How so?
Butterfinger is candy corn mixed with peanut butter.
Necco Wafers would like to have a word.
I love circus peanuts 
Candy corn is Satan. 
Why? They're like condensed frosting.
I like ring pops 
You must have not tried orange jelly candy. Those things are straight from hell awful. 
Have you tried the chocolate covered ones? Heaven.
They have rasberry ones too! Omnom!
What is the favorite thing about the country you live in?
Northern Ireland - The Ulster fry. 
Wow northern Ireland! The Ulster fry is a breakfast right (according to Google).
My simple mind: I feel better having stopped paying for cable, so perhaps I'll stop paying for internet too and actually go outside/do something productive, most likely feeling better.
It's incredibly naive to think you can get anywhere in life these days without the Internet 
It's not even thanksgiving yet and I'm sick of Christmas
I agree, but I worked retail in my past life, so I hate Christmas with the heat of 1,000 suns.
Who else is super happy to see the front page flooded with net neutrality posts?
Not me, doesn't affect us here overseas.
They are clogging the front page
Have you ever had your Myers-Briggs type determined? What was it?
Protagonist.
What are you currently excited about?
German! 
And vacations
German? 
Tell me about the vacations!
I am learning german, pretty exciting.
No school. No worries. Just relaxing.
My country is finally free and I’m ecstatic!
I'm just happy to finally find another Zimbabwean on here ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
Do you ever feel bad about your body but are too lazy to do anything about it?
Yeah I was like that for years and then I just got fed up with it. Turned everything around. 
That's so great! What made you take the leap?
You just gotta do it, and keep doing it. Motivation doesn't last forever, but discipline can.
Mostly in the flexibility point. I'm fine with my body shape.
Truth or dare again. (Possibly NSFW)
Here goes... truth or dare, OP?
Truth or dare OP?
Dare. 
Hmm...I'll bite.
Truth. Make it NSFW.
What is something you tried in bed and ended up not caring for?
Hmm, I can't really say much here. Haven't done a lot in bed with another guy.
I feel you. As long as you're having a good time
What is your fondest memory 
kissing my girlfriend behind the school
What would be your last meal? 
A fat greasy Burger and fries.
What are your favorite musical artists?
Dream Theater, Porcupine Tree, King's X, Big Wreck, Opeth .. Music is my religion :)
What are your opinion on guys wearing makeup?
its 2017. if you wanna do a thing, do the thing. fuck the haters. 
Nah, nah... You dab on them haters.☕
I wish gay characters were written with more personality than just I'm the gay character
Dude.
Korra.
Watch The Wire. Also, The Babadook.
&gt; Also, The Babadook.
This meme was so confusing to me for the longest time.
I’m still confused, could you explain it?
Omar (the wire) is such a fantastic character! So well layered
Who's gay in Riverdale? Been a while since i watched it and i can't recall anyone...
Kevin. I don’t believe they play it up really.
What’s the one cool fact about yourself you always answer with?
I'm 13.8 billion years old.
Let's talk about music what are you listening to right now?
What They Do - The Roots. Chill vibes, great verses, fantastic song.
I’m a little late but I’d say “Love On Your Side” by Thompson Twins
A little girl called me Mr.
I feel weird when I'm called sir.
Better than being called ma'am by a police officer.
I was 15.
I am also a dude.
Why does this make you feel bad? That's cute
I'm 43 and still feel weird when someone calls me sir.
Who's your celebrity crush?
Kali Uchis
I had never heard of her so I googled- she is so pretty!
Hayley Williams! Her bangs are what I live for.
H. Jon Benjamin.  
But only with the lights out.  And he has to talk the entire time. 
Supergirl :)
what’s your go-to tearjerker movie to watch??
Requiem for a Dream, and Sunshine are the two movies that make me squall like a spanked baby. 
Went to take a leak around lunch time, unzipped, a scorpion came crawling out my zipper.
NOPE!^NOPE!^NOPE!^NOPE!
Where do you live? Hell?
Knocked it to the ground and stomped the on it.
You just wrote the beginning of my next nightmare. Glad you didn’t get stung!!
Told my GF I loved her for the first time. Never been happier in my life
Awe that’s so adorable! 
I kissed my gf last night fort e first time. It was also my first kiss and i feel the same way
What're ya'll addicted to right now?
Melancholy. 
Also a stupid mobile game called merge farm. 
I like bread
Favorite kind of bread? 
whole wheat does it for me :) yourself?
You’d get fat
Is bread hard to bake? I am thinking fresh bread out of the oven today would be amazing. 
Do you have a crock pot with a removable crock??
What would you do if you'd be diagnosed with wheat intolerance in x years?
No additional flavoring????
Sure but that's just bonus points
Man. I get so sick of a single flavor after a few bites. How do you do it?
I'm boring
Spider got away and is now somewhere under my bed.
Farewell, our beloved Stop Sign.
I’ll miss you most, Juice.
Not exactly juice, but an enclosure lacking of juice.
You should not accept this! Fight back! You can do it! 
Don't kill it! He's eating the roaches, fleas, and bedbugs...
Where will you live now?
That sucks. 
If it's any consolation I just killed a HUGE spider a night or two ago.
KILL IT 
How big?
Small but noticeable.
Why are you so worried about it then?
Hmmm. I too never heard of one of the biggest phobias.
One of the biggest phobias, but not over a little ass spider. People need to grow up.
...You just had to ruin my night! Haha
Spider ruined my day. Had to stay in my room to watch out for it.
Then what happened? Have you left your room yet?
Yeah. Did dishes and went thrift shopping with my mom.
your less than a year away from 25
and then one year after that 26
than 27
than 28
at 29 your basically 30
Are you still alive, @imjustastopsign?
Of course.
At what point do you accept loneliness as an inescapable aspect of your life?
ur gnna get loads of dms from lonely guys prolly
Tell me a random fact about yourself and I’ll respond with a random fact about myself
I have a stony/cold demeanour. 
I️ have a freckle on my left middle finger.
I have one on my right ring finger
Did it help you learn left from right growing up? Because mine helped me do that.
I don’t think so, in fact I may have only just noticed it.
I went to a boarding school in the summer. 
I can tell who is around me by the way they walk. 
I know how to classify clouds.
I noticed the guy next to me on the plane watching my movie, so I turned on the subtitles
Heyy.. that was very considerate of you. You're a wonderful person, you know?
I don't know about that, haha. :)
You're the real MVP
That was a simple move, but so lovely. Wow!
Thanks! I'd like to think it made the flight a bit better for both of us.
Haha that's so sweet! ;)
You're a great person! I hope you're married or else I'm gonna ask you out!
Aha, not married, but very much in love with my SO. :)
I Whistle-blew on my manager, who then proceeded to e-term me. Millions of mismanaged funds will finally be going back to the hospital patients
That sounds really sketchy.
What does E-term mean? 
I Miss Barack Obama.
obama should make a comeback by being the coolest and the most clever comedian ever.
I miss having an adult in the white house too
Is there a reason that we're bringing politics into casual conversation?
I'm crushing on someone, but I doubt I have a chance. We've never talked, so it would be weird.
Anyone wanna chat on Reddit Chat?
What's the last movie ya'll watched?
The Babysitter. It was a fun violent movie. Also the blind chick was supppopper hot. 
I've been meaning to watch that! Did you like it?
Juno, the most indie movie in the world
The newest Thor movie. Its in the top 3 marvel movies for me.
This guy totally made my day
Man that's really sweet! Random acts of kindness are some of the nicest things!
Even small gestures of kindness can really brighten your day. Good luck with your week! 
Does he looked like Morgan Freeman?
That's because you actually can do it!
What countries have you traveled to?
Cayman Islands (x3)
France (x2)
Bahamas
England
Spain
Ireland
USA
AND ALSO USA
(I really need to travel, I've never been out of the Northeast area)
England, Philippines, and Canada.  
I really need to get out more...
Didn't have a fun day today, let's change that.
I like meerkats however pandas take the win. How about you?
Do you have a favourite beverage?
I LOVE coffee. Always drinking it! Following on, whats your favourite food/meal? 
Favourite food: The humble sandwich, filling: either cheese+onion or chicken+bacon+stuffing
Simple and effective. I like it :) 
On a scale of 1 to 10, what is your favourite colour of the alphabet?
Obviously fridge, its the only correct answer. 
Nice answer, personally I prefer Pluto. I think it really brightens peoples day.
Hmmm, understandable. 
I forgot the question so i must ask, why would he do that? 
What do you feel like eating now?
Donuts
A nice, high quality, freshly baked muffin.
Chicken fingers with Mac and cheese. Please deliver OP.
Ever have a cinnamon and raisin bagel?
I think people would be happier if they realized how fascinating every aspect of our lives is. We can think, smell our food and caress our loved ones. Isn't THAT fascinating?
We can caress our food as well. 
&gt;loved ones
Yeah seriously what is that? Is that a cake or something?
One can certainly start with loving oneself, no?
What books was it if you don't mind my asking? 
Sure, I don't mind. It's Instant Zen, by Thomas Cleary
a pleasure to make your acquaintance, my fellow optimist &lt;3
this is a nice post
&gt;caress our loved ones
Speak for yourself
I think our brains establish a baseline and reward us for doing new things, etc.
Mindfulness turns tedium into sublimity.
How's everyone doing today?
It's morning for me and I'm half dead atm.
terrible. lil peep died
Why is that?
Cause life is just one big shit show
First time posting! What are you passionate about?
Music, I love learning new instruments.
What instruments have you learned?
I can play the saxophone and bass, and I can play a bit of the piano and ukelele
How long have you been playing?
Game of truth or dare again! (Possibly NSFW)
how would you describe yourself in 3 words?
Ask me a truth.
Truth please:)
Let's continue the trend; truth.
Dare again!
What’s copied to your clipboard? Paste it in a comment.
Dr Ric Rossi
Biochemistry Department
What is your typical showering time? I'm genuinely curious about your real answer because
Around 10 minutes.
Quite efficient then I see 
May I ask something OP?
Sure! 
Football Manager 17, Cook Serve Delicious, 
Rainbow 6 and fortnite 
Divinity Original Sin 2
Lots of Oblivion and Don't Starve
I would like to meet somebody from a another country
Brit here, what do you want to know?
Well greetings! I am another Brit. My fiance lives in Texas :D
Ireland here, what's the craic? 
My father in law is Irish, he’s such a funny positive guy! 🙂 what does “the craic” mean exactly?
When you say Irish do you mean Irish or do you mean American who claims he's Irish?
Eyup  from the UK! I've always wanted to meet someone from Texas! Absolutley love the accent.
I was just asked if I was over 12, I’m 23
I got carded for an R rated film when I was 26. 
27 years old. Still get carded to buy LIGHTERS!
Wait a second, we need to know if you are a man or a women
Look at the username. Don’t know many guys names Claire. 
My own brother asked if I was in 2nd or 3rd grade when I was in middle school 
You must be small!
I actually think looking that young is only an advantage of you're a guy. 
Good hip-hop albums
Ill Communication 
Game of truth or dare. [Possibly NSFW]
I'll take a truth, go mental, well within reason. 
What was the most sexual thing you've done in a public place?
Haven't done anything sexual in a public place.
Well you just have no life. 
Thanks.
Well actually I don't know you very well and am mostly going of your user name. 
Try another truth, I'm kinda bored.
Have you ever tried to run away as a child and if so how far did you get?
Let’s do dare. Curious what you’ll come up with. 
I dare you to link the last website you were on other then reddit. 
Dare you to pm me a big secret. 
dont tell nobody
Secrets safe with me. 
your turn &gt;:)
give me a good one. No holding back!
Ask me a truth (I don't have the balls to do a dare at the moment, plus I'm at school). 
What are you in school for if it's not high school. 
Does it blow anybody else's mind that Anne Frank and Martin Luther King Jr. were born about six months apart?
The Aztec Empire, Roman Empire, and Ming Dynasty all existed at the same time. 
Wow, I always thought that the Aztecs were like... way back.
As a child, I often thought I fooled people with my clever bullshitting. As an adult who can easily see when a child is bullshitting, I now realize my child self likely fooled 0 people.
Sorry for my ignorance but English isn't my first language. What is bullshitting?
How would you like your life to be 1 year from now?
1. Be studying for a PhD.
Do you have a plan to get there?
* get into dream uni/program
* pass everything 
Every thread I make gets downvoted.
I down voted because I thought the humor would be fitting
Much appreciate it, mate.
Wut.
Its either:
&gt; Much appreciated, mate.
Or:
&gt; I appreciate it, mate.
I got a job!
Welcome to adult life, it gets scary some times.
Take good care of the children. 
They are the future. 
What country
US
What state!
I️ (a recently turned 18 year old) have never been allowed to close my door at home.
Can I ask why you can't close your door? 
That is kinda weird.... thought about moving out?
Cuddles are the most underrated thing in the world (in my personal opinion)
Could not agree more 
Today was my 21st birthday. Ironically I feel more like a child than ever before
Happy Birthday!! How are you going to celebrate?
Vent: I woke up early to do adulting papers but in the end nada. 
Went out on a Tinder date during the weekend.
Eight hours over coffee???
I know right? It's just crazy. 
I hope you drank it before it got cold
cold hot coffee is the worst 
Go to Europe for a week!
Go to Europe.
Anyone around for small talk?
NOT SURE IF YOU'RE STILL AWAKE BUT HENLO
YO I WASN'T AWAKE BUT I AM NOW HENLO U STINKY LIZARD
IM A STINKY BIRD THANK YOU VERY MUCH
im....so....fuckingsorry.....
ARE YOU REALLY
SAY MY SPECIES
Oh man this is getting weird ((birb))
I thrive in weirdness because it's one of my defining aspects in a positive way :)
Let's play a game!!
I talk to people about a promise they pay for
oooh! hmmm....insurance agent?
One part of my job is that I sell the last bit of real estate people will ever buy 
COFFIN SALES MAN?
I tend to deal with them after they have brought a coffin
GRAVE DIGGER
Yup. That's another part of my job 
I look at cars turning left (and occasionally right) and describe what I see.
Race announcer?
It involves racing and covering it, but it's not as an announcer.
A reporter!
preparing for the future
student?
Aaaah, damn! you got me
what are you studying?
1. Gather information for a book
2. Help college students write good
English teacher? 
For the second one? No, but super close.
LA teacher? Or English tutor? 
I cut steel with fire
Bored and have nothing to do.
Anything in particular you want to discuss?
Do you speak the language Maple Syrup, too? 
Of course, day 1 I did!
Yooooo
Guys are just fucking incredible
Even me? 
Never told anyone this but...
That's lovely. You're a good person. 
Feels a bit silly of me but thank you!! 
Nobody gets poor by giving
TBH, You deserve more upvotes.
How is this in any way embarassing?
Anyone else NOT a fan of Thanksgiving food?
I've always wanted to experience an American thanksgiving. Seems fun
I'm learning to take rejection like a man.
Why would she offer to buy a cake to a guy she just met? 
Cakes are nice. I would buy you a cake if I could.
I would you buy you one also. Cake is the gift all people want.
As long as it’s a good cake and they are not lactose intolerant or something.  
My dinner guests cancelled on me and I'm trying to be cool about it. (Venting)
Australian here. Can I come over for bbq?
Fuck yeah. Can you bring kangaroo meat? I want to try it. 
One thing that sucks about being single: you are constantly being reminded of it
When people say to me that oh, you're single,  I say Thank God.  
Then when you do get a significant other people pester you about having kids. I'm good, thanks.
I’m really sad, what can I do?
I find stand up comedy to be helpful. Netflix has a bunch so does Apple Music and youtube. 
Very durnk rn. How is everyone doing? what aro youre problr,s!? drunk me loves solving probels,?
Hello drunk person, stuck-in-traffic person here.
rthatsd my amn
thats my man
My problem is that I need more alcohol.
lets drin k more togethe! jut getting started!Q
How come I don't type like an idiot when I'm drunk?
I normally dont! Just completely next levale bonked tn
Let’s make sure this guy actually wakes up after this.
I'm awake now and feeling a bit of a headache, but not as bad as would've been expected!
Autocorrect doesn't work when you're drunk?
How drunk do you have be to make that many mistakes in your post lol
What is it like to be in love?
I don't know
 You're no alone in this feeling.
Its like taking a dump but the dump isn't too dry, wet, big or small. It's just nice.
Hey guys, that positive drunk guy from the other week is back!
hey dude 
Oh you know, just loving life.
Hows your day treating you, my dude?
its alright i guess. pretty uneventful. 
Are you still drunk?
Hi, I am about to get drunk myself
Helllll yeah my man!
Isn't drinking fun? hah
Sure I guess lol.
Any reason why you're drinking today or just because? P:
Sandwich appreciation post.
Do poboys count? 
Apparently, the number of people I chat with has reduces down to a zero.
Hey! Best luck for your Boards and Pre-Boards! Science student?
Thanks! Yup, being grilled day and night!
Ah I was too, last year. Fond memories :P
Congratulations on passing out! Where are you from?
Thanks! Maharashtra :D You?
Haha currently Karnataka. What board?
CBSE mate. Who's your favorite comedian?
what annoys you the most? 
I asked out my crush and she said yes! I can't stop smilinf
Way to go! you took a chance and it ended in your favor!
Haha yeah I'm so glad I took the chance, it really helps to just go for it with stuff like this 
I did the same thing a few days ago, glad it worked out for the both of us.
Like a wise man once said, you miss 100% of the shots you don't take
Nice! What did you say to her? 
Finally Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
Sweet bugger all (nothing) :)
No plans for me either. I'm just gonna wallow in my own misery lol.
Gonna on a nice long run then camping for a night and running back
Hope you're somewhere warm! It's in the 20's here
Studying, I finally have time to study what I want to study.
What do you want to study?
My girlfriend and I accidentally started dating.
Do you think you could trick a girl into dating me too? Please?
This will happen many times throughout your “relationship”
What are you reading right now?
*Animal Farm*
World War Z again it's a good book.
If life is unfair to everyone, does that make it fair?
It's not unfair to everyone though
What’s make you say that, mister? (I just want to start a conversation)
Only if life were equally unfair to everyone, which it isn't.
What are you doing up so late? Or if it's daytime where you are, where you doing at the moment?
5:35 pm. Cooling off at Burger King. 
Cool! I could go for some Burger King right now tbh. I'm actually pretty hungry. 
Has anyone gone to a concert(s) alone?
What band
What is your escape?
Video games and sometimes listening to music
Yes, that's the best. What kind of video games do you play?
What’s something that you can talk all day about?
Politics or NFL
Probably Magic The Gathering or football.
I'm looking for a nice place on reddit
Well, you've found what I think is the nicest place on Reddit.
Good! This is what I (probably all of us) need! 
How old is the little one? 
Congrats on the baby! You've found the nicest place on Reddit! 
Yay! Thanks, doctor. 
Hullo frendo
Is there anything that just makes you genuinely happy?
I love poetry. And a glass of scotch. And of course, my friend Baxter here.
Baxter? Is that a reference I'm not getting? 
Anchorman. 
Alright, no wonder I didn't get that, since I've never heard of it lol
chocolate?
pretty much just chocolate.
Really? Do you just think it tastes great or does it actually give you that feeling?
Finding out my favorite author just released a new book. And cooking.
Having huge whole-house Nerf wars with my cousins/friends with music blasting. 
Where are you in life currently?
In my chair, browsing Reddit. 
Community Conversation: Valentine's Day
If you would like to suggest a topic for the next community thread, reply to this comment!
I suggest 'popcorn' for next weeks topic. 
I will most likely be home, alone, playing video games ;_;
Poetry on Valentine's Day: yay or nah?
Give me your top three favorite artists and I’ll try my best to guess how old you are.
1. Black Sabbath
2. Electric Wizard 
3. Sleep
11 years off.
1. Microwave
2. Green Day
3. Unwritten Law
1. Relient K 
2. Switchfoot
3. Anberlin
Good luck :)
1. The Gaslight Anthem
2. Fleetwood Mac
3. Gin Blossoms
32
Not quite, good guess though
The Eagles
Billy Joel
Garth Brooks
Chance The Rapper, Frank Ocean, Outkast
I'm the drummer for a local band and at our last show someone asked me for one of my drumsticks!
Can I have a drumstick? In Australia but will take a photo with it somewhere iconic :) 
Hey we should jam sometime! :D
Girl approached me and gave me her phone number
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Remember to use your indoor woo, Chriswiss.
you sexy
that's why
I don’t really consider myself extremely attractive but I don’t think I’m ugly 
5,7 
If you were going to die tomorrow, what would you make your last meal be?
Honestly, I'd keep it simple. Just tacos. Specifically, tacos de lengua 
No limit or budget? Everything.
you would probably die before your deadline then...
That's the plan
Probably a really good burger. 
v good choice. med rare or?
good quality steak
i dont actually really like steak... :O
I'd have a pizza and lasagna :') and marshmallows
Does anyone want bad advice?
r/shitttylifeprotips
Unconventional uses for IKEA furniture?
I hear tables are good for eating on, couches for sitting, and TV stands for TVs. 
My shoulders hurt.  How should I make them feel better?
Rub some dirt on them and quit complaining. 
But I just showered!  I don't want to get dirty. 
What should I do about my crippling fear of spiders?
Buy a iguana, name her Stan. Train Stan to eat 🕷 
Damn it, I thought this was *bad* advice!
Hahaha you seem like a fun guy(or girl) to hang with.
On the contrary. I'm pretty boring and have very few friends.
&gt; I'm pretty boring and have very few friends.
So you are like me.
Where are you right now and what are you doing?
At a fire station in northeast florida, about to finish some reports.
It's a rainy Saturday night and I'm in the mood to chat.
If you could have any superpower you wanted would you choose boxers or briefs?
Hmmmm. Well, since I am a female, I'm going to say briefs. What about you? 
I finally told the guy I had a crush on, that I like him.
Good for you! I wish I started doing this when I was younger. 
Thankyou! I'm really pleased 
Here is a space you missed !
A poor attempt, not even angry just disappointed.
I am really happy for you. Go girl for him and ride on him like a cowgirl. ;P
99% of men will respect you for it. Even if they do not reciprocate the same feelings.
in the age of #metoo that's the way its probably going to have to be. 
Ugh shut up 
I am curious to find out why you were rejected.
What's your Myers Briggs type?
INFP...I've taken it many times over the years and it's never changed 
I don't like Snapchat because I can't remember the conversation I was having with a friend hours earlier.
Do you know that you can save all text messages in the chat?
Your mistake is trying to use Snapchat for something other than sending nudes
Snapchat is such a drag anymore. I hate the new update as well. 
I have a question about Feb 14; for those both in, and NOT in relationships.
I didn't even know Valentine's Day was coming up. (That should answer your question)
I just realized 'Black Panther' is a superhero movie, not a historical drama about the '60s Black Panther organization.
I realized last week that Lady Bird was not about LBJ's wife.
Really? Why would they call it that then? 
The main character is called Lady Bird. 
R/outoftheloop
/r/OutOfTheLoop 
Honestly the soundtrack for Black Panther is looking to be straight up 🔥🔥🔥!!!
I'll keep my ears peeled for it! I *was* pumped for a '60s and '70s funk soundtrack. 
##NO MORE COMIC BOOK MOVIES
Nah, Comic Book movies are great. 
Well the Marvel ones anyway. 
I feel like they're tired and oversaturated at this point. 
Holy shit I didn't know that either
Tomorrow I'm going to a concert, and a very cute girl I've wanted to talk to for a long time is going too. Wish me luck, guys.
Wear protection! 
A night out can ruin your ears for life!
Yeah, I've been thinking for a while to get something, will definitely do it some day
Do it now, decent ear protection only costs $10-20
Any specific product you recommend?
i hope you get some wool
I don't know what you mean by that, but I hope so too!
What is/was/will be your major in university?
Business before I dropped out
I’m planning on something in chemistry, but I’m still figuring it out.
What’s your favorite video game?
Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is my all time favorite video game. 
Would I need to have played any other Metal Gear game to enjoy/understand it?
SWTOR, ever since Sim City died for me.
This is probably a dumb question, but what’s SWTOR?
Star Wars: The Old Republic, an MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game)
What are you good at?
*sips drink*
Let me get back to you on that one.
I will be waiting with baited breath.
Don't bait your breath too long, that's how you get hairy palms I hear.
I thought that was chronic masterbation? 
I just don't understand the 'sexy woman' desktop wallpapers...
Yes, i don't get it either. I always used abstract wallpapers or just a single color. 
Solid black wallpaper. 
I caught my cake day for the first time in six years!
Mine was yesterday, hit 11 years. 
Holy shit! Were you a Digg refugee?
What is cake day? 
It’s the anniversary of your reddit account. 
Adulting is hard
How is it other people's fault you chose to eat ice cream? But so far none. Just a typical day. 
Worked out and put on sunscreen. 
Deciding to poop before or after a meeting.
I went with after.
/u/casualuser3
RIP Fruit Fly
Did you even *attempt* resuscitation?
I feel sorry for that poor cup of coffee. Didn't deserve such a fate, fly or no fly. 
f
F
Have you heard the song Fruit Fly by Nada Surf? I think you'll appreciate it. 
In the last 7 days I've killed over 10-15 fruit flies.
My 16 yr old got back from the Apple Store earlier today and told me he caught someone trying to steal..
I like to make jokes, sometimes bad jokes
More people should steal from apple the way they rip their customers off 
They aren't forcing anyone to buy their shit!
Why an witness
What do you love to do?
I have no life, I play on computer all day
I haven't used my computer for like a month, been doing different activities.
What activities?
Where is your happy place?
Unsuitable places.
What do you mean?
At the edge of my comfort zone.Maybe then I'll find happiness.
Highlight of the weekend?
I went to the mall. It was pretty fun.
Lol did you buy things or just walked around? :p 
Exams were over for the time being so I got piss drunk on Saturday. It was fun. 
I ought to get piss drunk at some point
Get on it. 
Nah, I’d rather spend the money on something a bit more... special, yet highly taboo.
Like what?! 
An escort, a classy one who works for herself and herself alone.
Lol good luck.. I don't even know how you would go about finding that! 
Me neither. Not that I'd ever be able to afford such a person if I did find one.
How do I ask someone their name when they already know me by name.
I apologize that I suck at remembering names.  What's yours again?
Hahaha...that's my case..it really sucks...what's urs....
How do you ask that question for the 5th time?
Sorry what's your name?
when they look at you confused say:
I mean your last name
Ask him how to spell it
Trawl through the friends list of a mutual friend on Facebook? 
What if you don't get time
Then how much are you bothered?
What if you just come across someone..
I just ask, 'what the fuck is your name again?'  I have to do it a lot at work. 
Yeah but it feels bad..
So? If you want to know, it's what you gotta do. 
I take a risk and say how do you spell your name (again)?
Risky at times like in my case
So how do you spell your name?
Uh...T-i-m?
Hahaha no your last name!
yes! tuesday: the q's day!
1. Come on Eileen
2. Definitely ;)
3. Physics
4. Physics.
5. Most cheese are a hit
someone watched Perks of Being a Wallflower
I only know her as Hermione though...
but.. but.. i mean still.. 
Isn't that where you got your name?
it is! half of it, at least.
What's the other half?
my real name LOL
You must really adore her then
i like her. but you know, granger is a cute name
That makes sense. 
How do you pronounce Lorelai? lore-lay? lore-lee?
lore-uh-lie!
I went to a gay bar and really gained some empathy for women as far as what they experience at bars.
Well now I know for sure I'm an ugly gay cause this has never ever happened to me.
My mom says I'm handsome.
Funny, she told me the same thing. 
I got called a noob on xbox live today
I love getting called a hacker. It's such a nice compliment.
I was lagging bro. That's all it was.
I speak english everyday on the Internet, but I can't actually speak english
Can you understand spoken english?
Want to practice?
I can read french ok, but speaking it? Tabernac.
Something I would tell anyone... But I've imagined a world and different life for 2 years now. Has anyone had any fantasy's really long?
Mine has been going on for about 13 years...
Happy to meet a like-minded individual.  Honestly.
Hey, you, yes-yes, you..
Woah?!! It’s just that easy? Fuck off.
The pure joy of listening to an eargasmic song for the first time is honestly something I find worth living for
What’s the last song that gave you this feeling? 
Today is my 10th anniversary, and I just wanted to see cake next to my name when I post.
#I just turned 18!!!!
I have a birthday at 28.2. I love presents ✌✌💚😂
What brought you to Reddit?
Pewdiepie submissions, if you watch his videos?
I don’t think I have! Should I? 
I'm nearly 32, and like a small child I have a clear favorite colour - Yellow
We're alike. I try to have black-colored possessions. 
What was the last song you listened to just minutes ago?
Yeah! - Usher
I haven’t gotten sick since December 2011. That is 6 years and 1 month of not even catching a cold.
Bruce Willis?
Today is mine and my boyfriend's four year anniversary.
...Four years and no ring?   That sounds like the opposite of supportive and caring to me.
It is my birthday today :)
Happy birthday! &lt;3 Mine is coming soon too. Got any plans for the day?
Feliz cumpleaños :)
Hey my beautiful people! how's you're night going?
At the moment I'm bored at work. Could always be worse. At least I'm getting paid. 
Where do you work? What do you do? 
Valentines Day plans?
Probably like every other year, won't notice it's here until it's gone.
What a wistful sentence haha 
Kung fu Panda saved my life.
I love this post a lot. Depression is a bitch, thats why I'm back in therapy. 
Ugh, thinkin bout going back to therapy myself:)
My new therapist is amazing and wonderful. Find the right person.
The power of allowing Jack Black into your life.
This is not, the greatest post in the wor-orrld, this is just a tribute. 
r/unexpectedtenaciousd ?
Tell me something positive!
Every number larger than 0
I did it!
Congratulations! I suggest framing your acceptance letter. 
Tell me what's on your mind
Go out for dinner! Have a rave! Haha 
What should I eat? And before you say it,  I'm not a fan of krill.
i'm so ugly :(
If anyone needs to vent, I'm willing to lend an ear!
I don't need to vent but it's awesome you made this offer. Thank you! 
I'm having a good day today, can I take a to-go order?
Good! :) And what would you like?
Any fun weekend plans?
Yeah I'm traveling to Switzerland
Oh how cool is that! Where are you traveling from? And are you traveling for work or pleasure? 
Just the beach I guess. Not that fun but definitely beautiful
I'm headed to see Jumani!
I’ve done it.
Change is always scary. Do you already have another job?
driving while listening to good music.
Now we're talking.
What do you listen to?
Classical music 
I was hoping you could be more specific? :)
Lonely person in need of a conversation so anyone wanna have a conversation about anything?
I would talk to you but my computer is dead and my charger is missing :(
Do you still need to chat?!
I gave my crush a birthday present and she loved it.
Ask. Them. Out.
Judging by all the responses I have to now lol.
dick in a box?
Wanted to at first but I couldn't find a box big enough, unfortunantely. :(
Goodluck! I had the same issue, 4 years strong at 16. You will be fine if shes as you say.
So friendzoned then?
I hope not. I will try to not get into it in the first place.
Wish it happened with me!
OP days he will go all in and ask ole girl out. I want an update once he does!
Will do, no worries haha.
Good! I hope it goes well for you, although as jaded as I am I fully expect it to go poorly
Honestly the chewing gum gift is adorable and hilarious
My cat likes to be flipped, smooshed, and shaken.
I take it that she doesn't like to be stirred? :-)
No, but she really likes to Bond with her human.
My furry companions like wearing costumes; what happened to your cat when it was a kitten?
ಠ_ಠ
My cat used to try and bite me as soon as I went near his belly lol
Happy cake day! 
Someone else said that, what they is cake day?
It's the Birthday of when you joined Reddit. See the little cake by your username?
It's friday tomorrow! Got any plans for friday night?
I have a date! I am excited.
And a little nervous.
Every time I go home by train I am followed by older man, it is getting really weird
Maybe you remind him of someone.
But is all this necessary because of that?
Nope. He sounds like a creep. You could say hi to him and tell us how he reacted.
I am afraid that he would think that I am interested in him and it would get only worse
Just tell him, “What the fuck do you want? You’re bothering me and in my space.”
I am too polite for something like this, but even I have my limits
Say it in a joking like casual angry tone. Not a true angry tone. 
The way he knocked on my window, damn...
OP, please update us when you can. Honestly worried :(
Everything is fine, thank you for your concerns.
r/LetsNotMeet
Fwiw, stay safe OP. This story kind of freaked me out :(
That knock on the window freaked me too
The guy is s fucking pscho
 I am really glad that he doesn’t look like Arnold in his prime
Just found out how accepting of other people's hobbies I am.
Model trains. Hell yeah.
I'll try to draw your username on my whiteboard!
Shoot!
What have you done? You absolute madman. Cheers to you.
I would draw your name, but.. how?
Go on
My dad's a flat-earther
Smack him in the head everyday from now on and keep doing it until he gets the message.
Where are you all from?
Canada, born and raised in a town near Ottawa
Buenos Aires, Argentina
I live in the bachelorette party capitol of the USA.
Jersey?
England, from the Midlands.
Montevideo, Uruguay. We even have our own subreddit at r/uruguay 
Austria. Just 30 Minutes by car away from Hungary. 
Texas! 
Dallas?
50 miles east of Dallas
I'm 30 miles North of Dallas, haha. Collin County!
Hunt County! 
Awesome!! Love my fellow Texans (as long as you aren't a nasty driver)!
England, Yorkshire too. Hey neighbour 😊
I'm in Leeds. 
Born and raised in America. Now living in the UK.
Moldova, to be exact, Transnistria. 2010 we emigrated to Germany and living here since.  
So its the end of the first month of this year...
I had a bit of a breakdown yesterday, but other than that everything is pretty much the same. 
I've pretty much given up on all of my resolutions :(
I been okay, trying to stop doing things that are bad for me
 Trying to start studying for the CPA exam but having motivational issues.  
Is it just me that feels stupid all the time?
I get called stupid and retarded multiple times a day, just learnt to ignore it.
Random conversations about anything
I ate one of the largest meals I've ever had today.
Hey! What made today good for you?
I can see my front kitchen countertop again! (Just don't look at the back one...)
Math is awesome, and I wish more people loved it as much as I do.
Just got into a math program yesterday!
What’s going on with you today?
I remembered my birthday is coming up because I got the renewed registration for my car.
When is your birthday?
Just hanging out drinking some tea from one of my smallest teapots. 
What flavor tea and how tiny is your smallest tea pot?
Some cheap factory shou pu'erh, the pot I use for it is around 60ml
I want tea now !
Tea me please 
I ate Chinese food. It's kind of getting boring. 
Do you often eat Chinese food?
Did you mean the Chinese food is getting boring, or your day was getting boring? 
chinese food 
Why was your Chinese food boring? 
It should be flavorful  !
Grilled some pork for dinner. Now watching Bob's Burgers with my son. 
Got called an old man today. Im 23.
I have shirts older than you.
So do I. Working with kids is weird.
Are those vintage shirts or?
I have hand-me-downs
Tell me more.
What more would you want to know?
Wait a minute...
Hang on a second...
A coworker called me sir once... were both the same age
I’m 24 and my other half is 18. She calls me old man and I call her Jailbait. Fuck young people!
&gt; Fuck young people!
Is that your official advice?
Only if they are legal
Thank you, Redditors.
What is friend 2s problem? Im curious? 
Does anyone else ever upvote a post not because it's worth an upvote but because it's been downvoted undeservedly?
Pity upvotes are the only times I actually do upvote to be totally frank.
Okay... Can I still be Garth?
I upvote everything I interact with and never downvote anything. 
What do you speak?
PHP
Java, C#,C++, Python, Ruby, Kotlin
I can speak machine languages including Cisco IOS languages.
I'm exhausted and feeling kinda down
Heyy I’m here to talk 
You're very kind :) 
Thanks! What do you want to talk about?
Hmm whatcha up to?
I’m laying down lol hbu?
Do you have any idea how to spell mayonnaise?
I think you have it right but it's one of those words that looks like it shouldn't be a word??
Say hi and I'll tell you what I find cool about you.
Hey there! 
I just had vocal cord surgery and I'm not allowed to make any noise for one week. I now realize how hard it is to not laugh...I feel like I'm Jimmy Fallon on a SNL sketch trying not to break.
Aww that's so sad :(, how is your throat though?
&gt; A/S/L? 
How did you reach 400 karma?
You made it! Congratulations!
I had this post about armored knuckles and it got me like 1000 I have ptsd from that night.
I feel like anything too popular would simultaneously put me on edge and have me wanting more.
Has a video game ever made you cry?
Well no, because I don't play video games, I've no time for that nonsense.
Hey, I love you.
Thank you, I love me too.
Yay! That isn’t easy. What do you love about yourself? 
I don't know yet. :((
But you do love yourself?
Ouch.
*channeling Han Solo*
Damn you are just too fly! It's quite intimidating if I am being honest.  
Aww, thanks, but you should be careful, not everyone is worth being loved. 
Drunk and bored
It's going pretty good mate. Where you from?
Cheers up brotha. Also driving alone but I'm bachelor that lives alone 
Beer and video games. Could be worse. 
Chill friday. Watching a movie on Netflix!
What movie? 
The Open House
Take 2: what are you guys up to tonight?
Watching Netflix and working on a jigsaw puzzle. 
What puzzle?
It's 3am and I'm watching YouTube videos and thinking about heading to bed. 
UK or something?
Homework, maybe I'll play some vidya games.
Nice, what games?
What song do you have stuck in your head?
It's all about that bass, 'bout that bass, *no treble*.
Make it stop!
3 words:
Feel Good Inc.
Do you hear what I hear
I have bohemian rhapsody stuck in my head constantly 
Kissed a stranger and can't stop smiling!
Did you get his number!??
Yes! We texted a bit last night. 
Whew.  I was a bit worried.  :) Nice work.
No worries! Thanks for your concern though! 
Congrats! I imagine it was a bit of rules 1 &amp; 2, but hope it works out
Obviously it was rule 1&amp;2 but who cares? 
That's so nice, I've always wanted to kiss a stranger
Omg thats so great. Im 29 and never had one of those :/
Aww! So sweet. Now I can’t stop smiling :)
write it down so you'll never forget
You’re right, I should. It was supposed to just be a forgettable Thursday afternoon! 
That's awesome!!! I miss first kisses. They're always the best. 
**rant** 😠
First of all, how dare you. 
You don’t agree? 😕
My puppy died and I just kind of want someone to talk to.
I'm sorry for your loss :(
My mom uses the word fetish in place of the word pet peeve. At this point it's too late to correct her. What is a word your parents have used that makes you think, uh that's the wrong word?
Oh man. You should correct her so she doesn’t embarrass herself in front of others. D:
I just might do that! So far it's only family she's said it to. 
Come on man, how have you not corrected her yet
Embarrassing myself in front of others is my number one fetish
My stepmom uses hoi polloi to describe the snooty rich types.  Absolute opposite.
Not my parent, but some old guy I know of used to always use inconceivable very incorrectly....
Platapus was a banned word in my house. Lol
Chat with me!
West Coast or Best Coast? Maritimes represent.
Best coast, of course. Eastern Canada FTW
So, tell me
I wrote a song for the first time so I'm pretty satisfied with myself so far I guess :)
I’m a song writer too! Which genre?
I have no idea! I guess it's kind of an indie folk thing though
That sounds dope! Are you gonna record it?
Yeah hopefully I'll do some home recording thing for it this week!
Could you send me the link via pm when you publish it? I’m curious 
Can I have a do-over?
I am doing great. I have been cooking more.
Today I ordered ice cream all by myself for the first time in my non-native tongue.
its not too hard to order fast food in a foreign language.  Like Spanish:  Numero dos con Coke.
Just move your hands a bunch, how hard could it be?
What if I'm missing hands? :c it would be very difficult.
Prosthetics.
You kidding me? I'm an American. I can't afford that shit.
BroomStick+duct tape
That just makes for an arm, not the hands, which is the most important part.
I accidentally told a co-worker I love you
You are now married. 
but... i am already married.
You are now married *again*.
I love my wife, but ugh...once is enough.
I hear that. 
I read that
I read this. 
I redd it
I hear this.
I heard that 
I herdd it
You can start a harem though.
Double married.
I just found out that in the US, you can get stabbed while defending your store, and then get fired for misconduct. What the fuck?
If the company policy is do not engage, then if you engage, you get fired.  
Valentine’s Day plans?
nothing. have been single all my life
Nothing? What do you mean nothing? Even laying on the bed and closing your eyes is something
:/
Can't sleep. First time posting on here. Anyone have extreme boredom in life?
I can’t stop thinking about the hunk that is Star Platinum
From the manga? 
idk i was eating. i'm sleepy but i like thinking. ._.
Challenging your honesty and comfortably!
What thing have you kept hidden from your family?
Me doing acid. 
One of those can't sleep nights.
Wifey material or naw bruh?
Hi (._.) I'm a night owl again. 
Sell me something!
Hey kid, wanna buy some drugs? 
Hmmm what drugs?
I am trying to sell a ps Vita if anyone wants one
Hahaha I hope there is someone actually willing to buy it here. 
write something down
adulting sucks :(
My wife handles all that
so get married?? got it
And even becomes so hard making friends too
Lately, I haven't been adulting :_
What makes you proud of yourself right now?
I'm studying. And drinking a blueberry smoothie that I made. What a day. 
I yearn for this type of go getter mentality
Not much. Pretty bloody miserable about most things, at the minute.
I'm not even sure.
How's the studying going?
Studying? Oh.. of course. Evidently, it could be better.
I thought you were at uni?
I am, though I seemed to have forgotten for a short moment there.  
Haha. Easily enough done. Which course are you on?
What's a video game that means a lot to you emotionally?
Sonic adventure 2 battle, the Chao dude
I just realised that every time I upvote something on this Reddit, I get a new quote. Now I can't stop upvoting comments and posts to see what I would get :D
I have no idea what you're on about to I'm commenting to find out if you're crazy or not. 
Nothing happened on mobile. No idea what you're Talking about! Help? 
I think this comes up only on Desktop version of Reddit and not mobile..
Well, I guess I’m throwing my useless, boring phone into the ocean now. 
THIS IS SPARTAAA is apparently what your comment gives me.
That’s what I yelled when I threw my phone into the ocean.
Up, up, up... it's outta here!
Everybody calls me The Joker. I guess I might have some crazy going on.
i like our smile :)
This is what i got by upvoting this comment
Has to be the best comment so far..
I got You are crazily weird.. 
I got 'don't hug strangers, even if they offer candy' 
Ummm.. Candy?
Sure! *hugs*
Congratulations. You have now been kidnapped.
Oh boy! I hope there is more candy! 
:-/
You are not doing it right!
That's what she said! 
Was there a panel van involved?
Of course.. Who kidnaps anyone in anything else but a panel van with tinted windows? Pffffft
I dunno. Did it also have the words FREE CANDY spray-painted on the side with the R reversed?
Upvoted this comment. I got [$0.25 has been deducted from your account].
Upvoted every comment and didn't get a single quote. At least I spread some good karma :)
Does this work on mobile?
Hey, it's my 28th birthday! But I have no one to celebrate with, sooo, what are you up to today?
Happy birthday! Hope you're doing great op.
Happy birthday! Upvotes all the way around! 
Your 28th birthday is my 28th year in America. I am also 28 years old as well, cheers mate
Happy birthday! Got a cake yet? Hope you do something to treat yourself. 
Got my first pair of glasses today. I can finally see the world in crystal clear HD quality! :D
What frames did you get? 
Today I started doing things regardless if my friends or significant others want to participate
Movies by yourself is an underrated simple pleasure. Welcome to the club, now leave me alone!
Any chance you live near Wisconsin?? I need friends like you!
Why are people on Reddit so quick to be mean, hostile or angry when you post a comment?
Shut the fuck up /s
I encountered my first Canadian today.
I want to be a Canadian lol 
No you don’t. The air hurts my face.
Most of the Canadians I know are lovely people. Except my ex-husband. He's a douchebag. 
What is your go to remedy after getting dumped?
I solve that problem by not being attractive enough to be in a relationship in the first place!
Emo music
I'm all ears ( eyes technically ). I'm running out of new songs, drop your favs here.
Plz listen to sunflower by Rex Orange county. It's soooooooooooo good.  
I will write you a short story
A story where the narrator falls in love with the reader 
You’re 3# in the queue
Awesome let me know how it goes :))
Doing yours now :)
A portal to another world opens in front of you and it's beautiful. You don’t know how long it will stay open or if you’ll be able to get back after you go through, What would you do??
I'd go. I have nothing in this world to lose and everything to gain on the other side :) 
I'm jumping through with you, deal? :) I love the positivity!  
Go!
A small vent. 
I hate the Patriots. 
Have a good day. 
Celebrate? - Wife is due to give birth to son (2nd child, 1st son) Thursday.
How does your first child feel?
How do people do this 5-day work week, every god damn week, of their god damn lives?
Woohooo Capitalism! 
I wish I owned a home I could complain about.
30.
California.
I'm so sorry I understand you 100%. SoCal.
You could always let me take your place 
I had one of the most intimate experiences of my life, and it was just a conversation.
The simplest things are always the most enjoyable. 
Sometimes when I’m sad, I cuddle my cat and whisper to him that he is safe.
I have a large pillow that I cuddle when I'm sad
That's so sweet. I try do that with our cat, but he hates me and hates my cuddles :(
Just deactivated my Facebook.
Yeah, feminist bullshit! The horror! /s
I just really fucking love my succulents guys.
Uhh, what are succulents? 
Plants that have a high water content and are actually nice to nibble on.
A girl just asked for my number!!
Hmmm, help, you say, with some some assignments, hmmmm.
She wants the A not the D
Good for you, Is she hot?
She’s *beautiful* 
And super nice
My favorite waste of time is walking around on google street view
Have you tried their aviation simulation? 
So I'm alone this Friday night, drinking the last of my coffee, revising MTG decks. Come ask me things.
If you were a sandwich, what would you be filled with?
Cheeseburgers. 
so Bread | Cheeseburgers | Bread?
You're an awesome person. 
Me? 
You must have mistaken me for someone else. 
Lord of the Rings
I'm sorry to say I never enjoyed the Lord of the Rings movies :/
what is your favorite spongebob episode? (._.)
Alaskan. Bull. Worm.
That one is a good one. 
What movie should I watch tonight?
I think you should watch Sicario. It's a really good movie about the drug war
John.....Wick.....2 . _.
Bored af and just looking to talk lol
Yo.
Idk how to do this talk thing lead the way. 
Shit I ain't no pro but from what I can tell it involves words...or something like that 
Dayum, thought numbers were involved somewhere. Guess we need to be educated a bit.
I just finish taking a shower. I got a new bath robe and it's so warm. 
I want a bath robe soooooo bad lol
they actually gave to my mom for christmas...but she's fat it wasn;t going to fit her. 
Oh no XD
Hello. Wonderful weather we're having?
lol it's cold
Yea so am I. Just scrolling through all types of shit reddit has. What are you doing?
What's currently your favorite song? Not of all time just currently.
“ Prismo- Stronger “ is pretty good 
Is that a reference to Adventure Time?
A deep slow panic - AFI 
Perfect places - Lorde 
Don't slow down - Copeland
gojira-stranded
The less I know the better
Disciples
New person same old mistakes
 All are by tame Impala
Give me a prompt, and I'll write at least a paragraph
Archer meets Alucard (Hellsing) in a bar...
I just found out that the president doesn’t live in Washington the state.
Find a map and stare at it for awhile, because you have probably missed some other stuff too. 
Please tell me you're not from the US.
Okay I won’t 
(I’m from the US)
Wait what state are you from?
It's ok, I thought Haiti was in Florida when I was in high school
Huh. So Washington is its own state as well as a city? Wtf. Get more names America 
We really like George Washington. 
He seems like he was a cool guy 
I ran into someone once who had no idea Spanish was spoken anywhere in Europe.
If you don't mid me asking what part of the country are you from? 
East
This would be understandable if you're not American. If you are, though..... Yikes. 
I am
Don’t worry there’s more people like you, just that they don’t admit their retarded 
Food lovers! A bit help here
It’s my birthday. Make my favorite cake! Eclair cake. 
I'm gonna make ragù :D
Oooooh niom niom. Now I'm hungry 😀 
Wanna come? Buy some bread for the scarpetta :)
Running to my car! Be there in 72h... Maybe 😁
I made a disgustingly unhealthy breakfast and I’m hanging out with my pets. What’s the last super unhealthy thing you ate?
I had pizza this morning.
Omg, what kind of pizza
Papa John's
I had Bush's fried chicken last night. Mac n cheese beans and Cole slaw. Really good
I’ve never had mac n cheese beans. That sounds interesting. 
I ate lay's chips and candy corn today.
I might make a cheeseboard or savory crepes tonight.
Go with crepes. I mean it.
I think you might be lying to me lol.
I’m not lying, I’m bossing you around! MAKE CREPES FOR DINNER
Had several fat pieces of cake like 5 minutes ago :)))
what's that one word you can't help but misspell every-time?
Deffinetly definitely.
i hope i don't have to write deffinetly tommorow.
Seize, I always remember I before e except after c, but school lied to me
I plan on going go kart racing for the first time in my life. 😬
How was it?
I’m sitting in class filled with a bunch of wanna be gangsters, please send help
Here comes the hot stepper, murderer
I'm the lyrical gangster, murderer
So it's weekend. I can't wait to see my husband again after 2 weeks away from him.
Blowing off plans to watch Full Frontal on youtube and color with sharpies.  
Why do I want to be a youtuber so badly all of a sudden??
Where might you vacation/travel to in 2018?
If I can come up with the money, Orlando in June :)
I will also be going to Orlando in June! see you there ;)
Going to America this summer, yaaay! And Canada too.
Just had a job interview at McDonald's
He merely had a vivid flashback to all the events that led him here, nothing to worry about.
The look of a man whose hopes and dreams have been completely dashed.
*cue introspective music*
*hello darkness my old friend...*
*the mcnuggets have come to see you again*
All I asked for, was a bit of extra sauce
But now I'm lost
How do people like maths??
I laughed and choked on my coffee; it went up my nose. Ugh. 😂
McCafé coffee?
My new year resolution this year was to listen to a new song every day, regardless of the genre. Not only it is the first resolution I have ever carried so far without breaking it, it has genuinely made me a much happier person.
Anything from Bastille!
thursday is THE day to answer 5 q's
1.	My cat
2.	No
3.	Beauty Queens by Libba Bray
4.	Miss for me, but hit for many people
5.	Single
why is it a miss for you?
I’m just a very picky eater.
no problem. aren't we all? 
I know some people are kind of picky, but I’m *extremely* picky.
oh. like.. you only eat 3 actual foods picky?
24 unaborted
Happ birth
Tanks
It you birth
Happy Birthday bro!! Hope your week goes great
Do you have a song you wish you could play for the whole world?
I have;-;
What’s your song? :)
lord huron the night we met.
In the air tonight by Phil Collins.
He’s a master 
Ekki Mukk by Sigur Rós. 
I like Sigur Ros as well so I’ll check that one out. All their work is pretty epic. 
Back dat azz up by Juvenile
bird is the word 
Insomnia...anyone want to chat?
From you. I pmd
Isn’t staying up involuntarily till 6 o clock and oversleeping 1 o clock classes fun?
Right?! What time is it where you live?
...5:28
Send food
AM? PM? prob am huh?
Am
Class tomorrow? What are you up to?
Why'd you choose your username?
Stole the last name of a novel character. I think it makes me look narcissistic
A username Playstation Network randomly chose because BloodDragoon was taken.
How is 2018 treating you so far?
Pretty much just picked up where 2017 left off. So it's going poorly.
Anyone here interested in learning another language?
Dove sono gli italiani? Che una bella lingua...
Sì, posso parlare un po 'di italiano. È qualcosa di simile allo spagnolo e al portoghese.
Free arguments here!
Bigfoot is flat.
Excuse me??? Could you elaborate?
Given that bigfoot leaves footprints, which are 3-d - you are wrong. 
Those footprints were planted by the National Trust.
The National Trust wants to encourage visitors - Bigfoot is scary, this must be a conspiracy.
Bigfoot is scary, flat and scary, like a demented ironing board.
Black people are functioning members of society
Clown shoes are stylish. 
Shit. Im broke on this one.
I broke you?! As a Canadian I must say sorry! It was an accident! 
I hate canada it badanada
You...you can't hate Canada! *sniffle* 
Liara is best romance in the Mass Effect trilogy 
Yo! Let me draw for you
shit is it too late to ask for gaston
Just Looking for New Friends
Hello @puppet_tricks :D how are you today?
same, lets be
Awesome :D hello friendo 
what do you do
in what way do you mean?
job/hobby
my post covered all of those...
Gaming... go on
My dog is such a faker.
Yah, my dog fakes orgasms sometimes too ...
  um .. I mean
today I saw a girl secretly take a photo of me.
Duuuuuuude ! 
You might be really good looking :)
What are some of y'alls hobbies?
My hobbies died out, but have been wanting to read books and novels again.
Programming and playing video games. Add sprinkle of Netflix on the top 
What languages do you work with?
I don't do much other than watch documentaries
How’s your night going?
Not bad, so I can't complain. I'm just bored out of my skull and mega hungry.
Classic case of nothing to eat?
Yup :(
I feel my brother. Maybe the next time you open the pantry some new food will be there
I’m currently at work right now drinking coffee, got nothing much else going on honestly. 
I really hope so. At this point what ever happens happens really
All things considered, my day should be going fantastically. 
What weird or useless talent do you have?
I love doing things with my toes.. picking things up and sometimes throwing objects. 
Convincing people not to do things. Often do it by mistake. It's useless!
Help me name my plant!
I’m not good with names but I decided to provide my useless help anyway. How about Lex? 
YellowFellow
Puckers
Citrus Cyrus
Gordon. Just because it's very capable sounding.
So who else feels compelled to go outside on nice days but has literally nothing to do?
On days like that,  I simply sit outside and read
Isn't it cold these days?
Not in SoCal :)
Are you a musical enigma such as myself?
I just say rock since that's a wide net.
I miss the straight up Rock of the 90s.  Big Wreck is still going strong for the cause.
Rock is still rocking, it's just harder to find because it's fell out of the mainstream
What do you think about the Netherlands?
First thing that comes to my mind? 
#WEED
How do you find new music?
You should check out gin wigmore! I fucking love her music 😄
I just bought a new mattress and my quality of life has risen by at least 10%.
Best $213 you'll ever spend. You'll have some excellent sleep.
Lying. You're lying on a cloud. 
I want that mattress. you sound comfortable..
What's your favorite language?
&gt; PHP
Well...it is a language.
So, what all video games have you been playing lately?
Super Mario Odyssey.  It's a pretty cool game, and my daughters (3 and 1) like to play it.
&gt;  It's a pretty cool game
Why didn't you like it?
Stardew Valley.
Don't you judge me.
Wolfenstein 2!!! Nothing better than killing nazis to destress lol
A Redditor from India reached out to me for help with English
I was expecting a send bobs open vagene joke 
Dude... Seriously??
hey man, it happens.
Even in Reddit?? 🙄
I was under the impression that those morons stuck to FB and Insta
yep especially in the desi subs man. I am  speaking from experience 
Username checks out
I'm moving to CANADA!
Fucking eh man. 
Thank you!! I'm really excited
eh-cited?
Welcome to your new home buddy! :)
Me too :D 
Come visit me in Victoria
Tell me about yourself!
I'm a 28 year old virgin who has never even kissed a girl.
It’s 4:00 AM, I have to “get up” at 7AM but I can’t sleep, anyone here ?
I am here do you want to talk?
Yeah we can, how old are you and where are you from... AND WHAt ARE YOU DOING SO LATE ?!
I am 40.  I am from USA/Kansas.  It's not so late here
How old are you? where are you from?  
Im 17 from Kosovo, Europe. Sorry, forgot about time zones in a moment. What are you up to ?
I am doing laundry and watching youtube
What channel ? I watch youtube often.
It's a show called The Monarchy.  It's about the kings of England.  It's really good
Ah, I watch les refined stuff lol. Do you have a favourite King ?
I am an american so I really don't like Kings.  The history of england is interesting though
Lol, it’s all messy. What do you work ?
I am a science teacher
Woah, cool. What do you teach specifically , or is that a dumb question teacher :v
biology, chemistry, and anatomy and physiology
GET OF REDDIT
Love, Your Mom
YOU WONT TELL ME HOw TO LIVE    MOOOoOMmM !!!! Im 17.... YOU DOnT UnDERsTand meee
Who is your favorite sitcom character?
dennis. 
Al Bundy, he's ridiculous in a good way 
 How so?
Bart simpson
Any specific years?
Charlie Harper from Two and a Half Men. Easily one of the funniest characters in sitcom.
Can't believe they carried the show on street Charlie left. 
What got you sad today ?
Channel Orange? I love Frank Ocean!
What are your top 5 songs of his ?
Chanel is one of em. I don't want to have to think about the other four lol
Kept thinking about my ex and being lonely 🙃
Someone that likes you but you can't really go see them and they are over you...
Redditors, where are you from?
I'm from the UK, I like our cuisine, it's simple but effective.
I want to go to the UK, London specifically. What do you describe as your cuisine? 
Northern Ireland
Romania,i like the food
Your language is cool
New Zealand, lived in Australia for almost seven years, now live in Scotland. 
It's shite isn't it
Hey I'm also from Long Island! The suburbs are just really nice and chill
Nassau or Suffolk?
Nassau. You?
Same here! Small world lol north or south shore
Lol. Honestly not really sure. Not really on a shore
Fair enough, somewhere in the middle haha I'm from the south shore
What’s your favorite movie from the 90’s?
Are guilty pleasures ok? If so Surf Ninjas
Nightmare Before Christmas is my favorite movie, period.  
Saving Private Ryan 
I will be honest, not usually a fan of war movies😬
What’s your favorite breakfast?
Two eggs over medium in Kerrygold Butter, King Oscar peppered sardines and half an avocado.
It's 1 in the morning in Ireland, let's talk!
How does Reddit become robotic? 
It's like a Bladerunner type deal, gotta do the whole test with the turtle on the beach n shit.
It's 2 am here. We're celebrating old new year's. There's bunch of karaoke and whiskey.
sounds like a grand time
Got any 1am delivery restaurants?
Have you seen the new star wars movie
Pizza or tacos?
Pizza, easy.
What kind?
In Italy they do pizza with chips on it and that's my shit.
What're you thinking about?
I’m thinking about how much I hate my ex right now. 
how lonely i am. (someone is bound to use this common as a weapon. -_-) 
Do you have any pets if not get a pet they will.keep you company and give you the love you need
my mom doesn't let me. i'll move out next year
Trying to think of boy names that I like for my unborn baby. It's so hard! 
Most popular names right now are Jackson, Noah, Liam, and Ethan.
Thanks, I don't want a super popular name though
Just looked up unusual names, I liked Sionn, Jaxson, 
All of my friends from high school have stopped talking to me, now I have one friend at work 
So I just got a warning on my cell phone... The type of noise for an Amber Alert or Flash Flood... But it says MISSILE INBOUND SEEK SHELTER THIS IS NOT A DRILL
&gt; casual conversation 
&gt; missile inbound
Seemed appropriate :D
r/urgentconversation
One of these things is not like the other.
If there really had been a missile, where could most people even go?
Basement, away from windows
Delete this dumb fucking post.
What country are you in, specifically? That is very unusual.
Hi what did you do today and do you have any plans for today ?
Watched Baby Driver with my Cousin, Who had not seen it. 
I havent seen it either
Havent found time to watch it
Its really good.
I guess I got something to watch tonight
what other movies do you recommend ?
I got backache today 
I am in bed
I had plans to get up early to work but I'm still in bed
Plans still to work....
What do you wanna eat for breakfast ?
It's my birthday! I turned 21. I just want ice cream, Redbull, and a nap.
Omg there were at least 3 or 4 more people that had their birthday today 
Happy Birthday 🎂
I think I am the only person in the world....
Who can eat 150 pieces of sushi/sashimi in one sitting.
I am the only person in the world that I can truly know exists.
... who has a cat that doesn't like cardboard boxes.
...who is married to my beautiful wife. I love her so much. 
Your statement can be said by a lot of people....
Not to my wife. Maybe their own wife. But not mine ;)
What's your go to movie
Boogie Nights.
the matrix. man, i should watch it right now. do you think it's on netflix?
The first one is golden ..
you didn't also like the twins with the white hair?
I DID .. I'm just always a sucker for the first rendition .. oof.
did you not like how in that sequel they were trying to steal the key? :_
you are confusing me .. expound further please.
the one where they want to kill the keymaker 
'keymaker' keeps me thinking Ghostbusters ..
Whats everyone doing this weekend?
Getting sad drunk on cheap vodka and watching Skins. 
oow, whats up? If you want to talk about it that is.
Any cuddlers in the room?
I elbowed the last person that touched me.
Ow? Intentionally? Orrrr...?
I just got my first paycheck and I can somewhat breathe.
I'd give my nutbag for a job secure full time job. 
What is the time?
UK 9.45am, 0c - frosty old day out there.
10:00 am now mate.
Hammer 
Nails
Sparkly pink polish
3:48 AM at 22° f in Chicago 
reddit is better than sleeping
I'm at work. :/ 
1:54pm, Georgia,7°C
12:26, -1C, LT
is LT a state in America? or Lithuania?
Melbourne Australia 9:53 pm Friday , bout 22 degrees C , gorgeous night for summer 
but it's summer there right? 
Yep , that's why it's gorgeous - not sweltering for once ! It's rained a bit off and on too 
the perfect temp!
It fully is , Melbourne summers are hot and dry and feel like they last 6 months 
It is 3:56pm, Dubai! and its (ofcourse) p sunny
how many degrees?
23 degrees Celsius!
7:30 am in Melbourne, Florida.  70 F.   21.1 C.  I have today off and life is good.  
jealous!
uruguay, 9:34 am, 28 degrees celsius. 
everyone is on vacation. 
china about 9pm
Making people laugh with idiotic shit.
That's the best skill!
Second only to being a top bloke 
Are you referring to gay sex?
Pull your head in.
I think Australian is a whole different language that I don't speak.
Most people crack the wobblies on their first go.
Why, yes, I did go down Wombat's Ramble the first time I went skiing in Australia.
What are you warbling about?
Mostly puzzles. I've been doing them for so long, and it lets me clear my head for a bit. 
What's the biggest number of pieces you've done?
Soccer freestyling, dancing, telling jokes, writing (i want to be a poet),   climbing.
What do you climb?
Mountains. I practice alpinism.
I'm good at breathing. That's about it 
I'm not even good at that; I keep burping when I recline
Well yeah you're a boring old person
Standardized tests. It was my bread and butter before grad school.
Do not make money off this.
What? Why
Wait, are you good at taking them or making them?
Not many friends awake at this hour. What's keeping you up?
Took a nap earlier so up for another hour or two 
Playing some PS4 
Ohh, guess the online matches get better at this hour hahshah
Playing a single player title right now but yeah it's relaxing to play at night lol 
Really? Awesome, what are you playing right now? 
Far Cry 4
Is that  the one in India? 
I'm just on Spotify listening to music right now
Time zone / southern hemisphere.
Taking applications to be anyone's token Aussie mate.
Drinking
Anyone out there feeling lonely too?
I took a nap with my cats. That's all my day was today really
I'm probably ending my life soon.
Hi. I now I'm late but.. Hey
What's that piece of clothing you have that's been around with you forever?
I have a t-shirt that from a boy scout camp that I work for(1993). I still wear it to this day. 
It would be my hoodie.  Time for a wash!
My friend likes to text me when she can't sleep
The real question is does she reply you when you text her when you aren't feeling sleepy?
I don't text her if I can't sleep. She has stayed up late to talk when I've needed it though 
 Does she have depression? Are you worried she will hurt herself? Otherwise, you are too nice. 
What is your specialty in the kitchen?
Seafood garlic and cherry tomato pasta 
Care to spread the love?
People waiting excitedly for a package, whatcha waiting for?
Always waiting on disc golf discs
things to get better
A banana hook! Gone are the days where I place my bananas on the counter like the common rabble.
Clothes and makeup
oohh what make up? I'm waiting on my Colourpop order
A monitor. A really big monitor.
My first order of women's clothes. Can't wait to be cute.
Soap! Tons of soap. To be more precise, exactly 5 kg of soap.
Books! But it's taking longer than expected :/
My first pair of Birkenstocks!
Ooh what kind?
Cocoa Arizonas :) 
Sweet! I don’t have those but my friends assure me you’ll love them!!
Grant Morrison? Scott Snyder?
Netflix. Kingsman.
Free compliments!!
You are a bright light :) thank you
Hey! :^D
Free? Are you sure the price wasn't gold? ;p
Haha I was so surprised!! You moderate one of the best subreddits in the land &lt;3 
Why do you think it's one of the best subs? &lt;3
It's one of the most positive and accepting places I've been to on the internet
Guess you could say that's a plus XD
Definitely 😎😎
So how's your night been treating you?
Pretty good! Yours?
Ups and downs, rocking the night owl lifestyle 
I like videogames and pitying myself :|
Thank you for doing this! :)
I'm back to school, so that's nice.
i am here :l
Working overnight keep me company!
Lunch time here in Singapore. 
Nice! What’s it like in Singapore today! 
Favourite musical artist and film? Whereabouts in the world are you?
I pooped in the toilet today.
I pooped in a brown paper bag today. 
DID YOU?! Can I see the picture?
Finally out of credit card debts!
Crypto currency :)
Two days ago, a stranger woman told me I am a good looking guy, and I am still happy over it! What compliment did you receive recently that is still making you happy?
Since when do men get compliments?
nobody compliments me 👉😎👉
Sorry it will be impossible to operate on you
Im still beaming. 
I haven't gotten one recently :/
Super Mario Odyssey just made me so happy (spoiler alert).
is that on wii? man, i think i would have a blast playing this. 
Just on Switch. Trust me, get a Switch.
what is that? 
The new Nintendo console is called the Nintendo Switch. It is glorious.
If you could have one thing in your house automated, what would it be?
Lights. On when you enter. Off when you leave. 
As convenient as it is, it’s been done to death already, sorry
Lol I don't want you to win. I'm doing the same contest ;)
Let’s talk about Nirvana?
eh
They certainly were popular but they were not my favorite grunge band from the 90s.
There shouldn't be a question mark in your title.
It’s too late! I can’t change it!
I like lithium 
It’s really good! Probably one of my favorites!
I want to start a new hobby, have any ideas?
Sounds like someone wants to get to bitcoin 
What do you mean? 
It's my first Reddit birthday today.
AYYYY me and you both
Happy cake day :)
Eat!
I already ate too much, I finished a footlong subway 
No such thing as eating to much
I want to come up with a term for a one armed person that has a catch to it
Slot machine?
Hey sry I'm just curious, how do you paint your nails with just one arm?
I would like to talk to people in other countries about what it's like to live there. I live in California and would love to make new friends with people outside the US.
Yo, I'm probably late to the party but I'm from the UK! Anything you wanna know?
A7X, Breaking Benjamin, and Bullet for My Valentine Concert...
Hey! Me too! Where are you gonna see them ?
Central Arkansas next month. 
Me too! I’ve seen bullet 4xs but haven’t seen the rest of the bands. 
I took myself on a date for my birthday
Happy Birthday internet stranger :)
Happy belated birthday! And what was the movie you watched?
it's not as bad as being single, male, and all alone on your 42nd birthday... *_like I am_*
What's your favourite movie? I know you've gone to bed but I want to know if that's okay.
I'm thinking of deleting the Reddit app
I found my QoL has improved the more I distance myself from social media and websites.
Unemployed for a month starting to feel hopeless and really down. Just got two calls for interviews out of nowhere. Had to tell someone!
good for you OP, been unemployed from almost a year and I'm planning to kill myself
Best of luck!
Remember to under promise and over deliver when you start off :)
Thank you! I really appreciate it! Some great advice there. 
I’m 33 and I’ve just passed my driving test!
Congratulations on passing your test! Was it your first try?
No, it was my third! Ha. Maybe that’s why I was extra relieved 
it took me four times to pass my written! i feel this. 
Congratulations! You should be very proud of yourself for accomplishing this! :D
I would throw a mini party honestly 
I just peed my pants, how’s your Monday going so far?
peeing your pants is cool
I feel slightly less than cool right now. 
Well, I just found out that I no longer have 20/20 vision, but doctor said it's only minimal
Going good, got a day off from work and gonna head out to do some shopping.
Nothing better than having a Monday off from work! Good for you. 
Yep, but now we got a ice rain/snow mix hitting us right now :( 
Today’s my wife’s 25th birthday. She’s asleep because she works at night.
I finally took a shower today! Now to just wash my clothes and my dishes...
Hi, I like trains.
Rejected by Yale. Feeling bad.
Night owls: how are you guys doing?
Okay. I kinda started drinking.  I don't sleep till like 2 at the earliest.
What time is there right now? And no shame, I'm drinking too lol
3:47 am here and drinking coffee
Night life’s okay. Could be better I’m kinda hungry
Get some midnight munchies. I always think an egg sandwich hits the spot when its late 
Egg Sammie's are life!!! 
What's your fav method of egg sammich makin?
Fried eggs, hard yolk with American cheese and mayo 
It's 9:54 in Belgium, currently studying monetary theory (yay..).
i slept earlier on. could sleep but have things in my mind
I hope those things leave 
He asked me my ring size today
*gets you a ring pop*
He coulda kept it low key and asked your shoe size. Usually those go hand in hand.
Didn’t know that!
Come join us at r/weddingplanning and r/wedding!!!
I want to so badly but it seems premature since he hasn’t actually asked me yet 
Reddit is exhilarating!
Here's an upvote. Have another comment too!
Ah thank you! I’m hyped up on adrenaline! This is so fun!
And another one!
AND ANOTHER 
Here's a down-vote to keep things balanced an to teach OP a thing or two about real life.
Hahahahha, reddit in a nutshell!
Reddit is a nice place for me. They are always supportive and kind too. Here's an upvote for you
I'm sorry, Reddit is kind and supportive? 
If you're in the right subs
What would you like to get off your chest?
I feel as though I have no connection on to my family anymore. 
Im at home waiting for a robber
don't bring a bat to a gun fight bro
For a moment I thought you meant you had a pet bat who was going to help scare off a burglar.
See in america we have guns for this
You also have guns for mass shooting and daily school shootings
It's wonderful isn't it
survival of the fittest
Let's play a game: describe a game poorly and have others guess its name
1-Mafia 3
2-Wolfenstein 2 the new colossus
3-goat simulator
4-ummmmmm no idea
1. No 
2. Yes 
3. Yes 
4-skyrim
Close but no
Fallout 4 or new vegas or fallout 3 or fallout 2 or fallout 1
a madman kills everyone in town wile on lsd+speed trip 
Nuke your friendships away. 
Fallout?
Hint: Gandhi is there. 
Fight aliens, sleep with aliens, fight along side aliens 
Mass effect
Floppy eared turtle murderer. 
You're basically a hacker.
Storm. Flashbacks. Your actions have consequences.
How good is sleeping in the nude?
Sounds interesting. I don’t know if I’ll try it though, it just sounds so weird.
What's weird about having a human body in bed? What's the difference?
What do you believe the afterlife is?
I'm in no rush to check it out.
Is anyone?
Looking for an internet friend that won't ask for nudes.
The only nudes I'm likely to talk about are noodles. 
Do you like noodles?
I LOVE noodles. Bowties are my favorite.
Oh snap. Those are definitely some fancy noods. 
I'm partial to shell myself. And fettuccine. 
I may dream big, but my college budget gets me easy mac.
What would you want to talk about?
Anything! As everyday as how are you to as eccentric as what potato is your favorite potato
I also would like an internet friend that doesn’t ask for nudes. Any takers...?
Sure,  hows it going for you?
It’s going okay! :)
hey there.
Heya!
Ever played D&amp;D? :D
Yeah! My sister is DM :)
That's cool! What's your campaign setting?
Whatcha been up to this month?
So far just work, but I'm going back to school next weekend. What about you?
I made 45k last year, 5 years removed from making minimum wage.
my first paying job in 1968 was for $1.10 an hour!
Today is my first year on reddit
You're in too deep. Now, you'll never leave. Trust me, I tried.
Happy birthday, dude! 
 Why dont i have a cake? Ive been here for almost 2 years
I'm pretty new too, so nice job I guess?
Just woke up and already miserable... wanna chat, distract me?
I woke up the same. Except I had a weird nightmare. 
Let's talk about music
Not rap or R&amp;B, but you should check out The Click by AJR
Electronic music has so many sub-genres, so I find it hard to get into. 
2 years ago i moved 3 hours from home with nothing but a trash bag full of clothes and my dog.
You have heart.
Can you come take a look at my washer?
haha sure bud.
Wait a minute,  how do you know where I live?!
Im maintenance, i have a list.  hahahaha
 Shit, you probably have a key!
Feeling lonely, so what's something good in your life right now ?
We are above freezing today, that was a good thing!
Mu lunch, it's an everyday occurrence sure but still, lunch is good.
i have a to-watch list of almost 500 films. comment a number and get a film rec!
124 please.
130 , 234 and 336 please.
406 please :)
Let's just talk?
I chickened out from doing a meetup
Another one-night stand, misses Cat?
Excuse me
So, it was a real meet-up? With real people? Not just a hook-up?
It was for board games 
That sounds like fun. 
But I just showed up to eat at the restaurant but didn’t play :(
Hug. At least you got out of the house. Will they be there at the same time next week?
Yeah, happens every thursday
Well, just go next week. Make it a habbit? Sounds like a great way to make friends. 
I will try
Welcome to the club I guess!!
You have done that too? :o
What is your story? :o
How are you? How is your day going?
I am in the process of making 1000 paper cranes; I just counted them and I have 326 so far :)
Are you dying of radiation poisoning?
Oh I loved that book as a kid. Sad but so good!
^imoutofthelooppleasehelp
Would I still get a wish if I folded 1000 paper samurai helmets? 
No, but you might get 1000 samurai!
Are you about to break your brother out of prison?
What's on your mind, CC?
I wanna go home!!! I'm tired fuuUuUuUuUuuuuuuuUck!!
I'm so cold right now. 
I just got a text from a former friend that I haven't seen in over 30 years.
How would you like to be your own boss *and* have more money and time?
You should kiss him
What's your favorite backhanded compliment you've gotten?
Today I was told that I look like Fred Armisen and I was flattered
I’m a woman
“But you look so innocent!”
Uh sorry? I guess?
My wife says I dance like Phil Collins!
How can that be anything but a compliment :)
What’s for dinner tonight?
Leftover baked broccoli mac and cheese! I might roast some cauliflower to go with it. 
zucchini noodle carbonara 
Why do I feel like everyone in here is some sort of professional chef? I had cereal... au lait.
&gt;I had cereal... au lait.
Poshing it up, I see...
I Started my New Year solo, And I love it!
Learning guitar, it's hard though. 
Any good beginner's song to play?
Breakfast at Tiffany's is pretty easy
I just finished Life is Strange...
life is strange ending wss still pretty shit.
How do you dress on your days off?
I don't 
I finally started being physically active again.
I think Cry by Sigma (feat. Take that) would be a good addition.
Hiya! This year I'm trying to be more social and talk to people more, so here I am. 
This is not a task for the faint of heart! Lol
No, but I need to get more comfortable with being social lol 
Currently laying in bed not able to sleep, so as always, browsing Reddit! 
What time zone are you in?
Central, you?
PST, the good ol' west coast
I’m bored at work and the clock seems to have stopped moving.  I really want to leave.  
What did you take for granted until you didn’t have it for awhile?
Money. I used to have a lot more of it and now I'm broke as fuck.
Damn, well luckily money is something you can make back. 
A friendship I had with someone. He passed away, never got the chance to make amends.
Online Calculators. 
Hahaha I totally get that one. The one on your phone didn’t cut it?
*looks at his stupid insane excel calculator he just spent the last 6 hours making*
yes. 
Hahah no way! I am so sorry. At least you got to flex your excel muscles a bit.... eh?
Can u guys recommend me some shows/movies to watch on Netflix?
American Horror Story is pretty good.
Is this gonna scare the shit outta me or nah
Prolly not. It’s right at my tolerance level and I’m a giant P.
I feel the need to jam out. Good songs?
I personally like BZRK by Family Force 5 because the music video is downright golden.
Golden, you say? Will investigate :)
edit: you were right.
The power of love- Huey Lewis
You really will not regret it
Haha thank you!
No problem. I don’t know if you have heard it yet, but it is really good and upbeat. 
I have not heard it yet but I will!
Today’s my birthday and no one wished me a happy birthday. I feel kind of weird.
Nonetheless, there was a silver lining; you started this chain of giving :)
Happy lateish birthday my bro!
Sorry for being late, but HAPPY BIRTHDAY, my guy!
Let me guess, a Canadian ? Thank you :)
I get drunk and watch videos of luxury real estate to try imagine what it's like to be rich. Do you have any poor person hobbies?
I watch gaming videos, since I can't afford to buy a PC/console nor the video games
To get started with an entry level PC build isn't too bad at all. 
not when you're a first year univershity student 
It really wouldn't be. Save your booze money, build a PC. 
I dunno if this is a pro or a con, but being a Muslim, I have no booze money
It's an expression. Point is: it's affordable. 
I get the expression, believe me, where I'm from; it's not
I don't know where you come from.
I'll give you a clue, a country with a disabled president.
A lot of that going around. Any more specific hints?
The president didn't make a public speech since 2012, we call him the Invisible President.
Found out that my Uber rider rating is 4.68. I'm done giving out only 5 stars
Fuck Uber. Lyft is the way to go now!
Lyft is more expensive here :/
4.93. Denver though. I just bullshit with them and give out 5s or 4s if I felt unsafe 
Watch the episode Nosedive from Black Mirror on Netflix. You won't regret it.
I was gonna say y’all sound like black mirror lol
4.98. I wonder who gave me a 4.
Where exactly can you find your rating as a passenger?
Reminds me of a Black Mirror episode
happy new years, for those of us spending it on reddit! comment one of your resolutions/hopes and ill draw an animal cheering you on
I want to stop drinking and find joy again in my life. Pleez
Join us at r/stopdrinking.
I wanna deadlift 525 pounds
My resolution is to do 2 things..
Learn how to drive a bike and
Open my own business
Having a bad night? I’m here to listen!
I’m not an EMT. but our department does run ems! 
You like what you do?
I love it! Best choice I’ve ever made 
Whatcha up to tonight?
Just answering everyone on here and laying in bed! Hbu? 
Just got off of work and now I too am laying in bed.
So relaxing ☺️☺️
What kind of hobbies do you have?
Snowmobiling, obviously being in the fire dept, archery, and I love playing video games 😂
Helped a stranger and I’m heartbroken
Keep the ear buds out in public cause you'll miss out on more opportunities like this. 
Worst advice ever dude.
I'm seeing a movie by myself for the first time in my life. I'm already loving it!
My bad social anxiety pushes me to watch movies alone and avoid friends. 
What's something you can't not spend money on eeevvveeeennn if you shouldn't...
Ahhhhh double negatives.
Books and food :) I love them both so much that I just can't help myself 
Car parts
Tell me your quirky/werid habits
My money face upright and go from largest to smallest
I talk to myself in different languages 
So I'm sick and have no voice. How's your night, Reddit?
I just got on campus for a class I have in an hour.
What's going on?
I can't hear you with the voice can you type louder plz
LOUDER PLZ.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU WITH THE VOICE CAN YOU TYPE LOUDER PLZ
Currently paralyzed by allergies. 
OMG dude this is the worst. RIP me. 
What do you need?
I need someone to hug.
Or a beer 
I need to make decisions. 
Hmm... have you considered a Magic 8 ball?
Nah, I don't want to be remembered as used a magic 8 ball to decide whether to keep going. 
A friend 
Community Conversation: Video Games
I'm addicted to Rainbow Six Siege and I highly recommend it to everyone reading this.
Siege is nice, who do you play as?
How am I not seeing anyone else obsessed with Fallout 3. That's my shit 
1. Arma 3
1. Skulls &amp; Bones or Vampyr
1. Skyrim or Binding of Isaac
1. Borderlands 2
1. Pc
Moving from Florida to California....driving
A little car ride sing along is always fun
Whatever you do, drive safe :)
we're trying! #nosleep
I believe in you!
We just can't wait to see the mountains!
Is that when you hit Colorado? I'm jealous!
YES! Our first stop is Denver to visit some friends for the weekend!
Sounds awesome! Get lots of sleep :)
We will try to nap we don't want to waste this beautiful day though! So many things to do! 
Haha, for sure. At **LEAST** get some coffee!
Tons of coffee. Maybe we should make a coffee stop now.
I think that might be a good idea. Don't be making me worry now! ;) 
We need gas too....and no exits as far as the eye can see
I said **DON'T** go making me worry! 
A question about ‘bucket lists’
Is it a list if it's one thing? What the hell is that? A Bucket task?
A work in progress :)
No. It's done. It's the only thing that will ever be on the list. It's a list of one.
A fulfilled life?
I am a simple man. It might be fulfilment.
Introducing: The New Mods of r/CasualConversation!
/u/love_the_heat 
Neat 
Phony 
NIPS! :D
On a scale of one to pineapple, how pizza are you?
Pepperoni, for sure.
Howdy doody y’all. How do you do? :)
scott pilgrim vs. the world
First movie I saw Anna Kendrick in. The first and the only celebrity crush I've ever had
1. Read the comics. 
2. Play the game
3. ??
4. Profit!
Tell me one thing you want but ppl give you shit for.
To quit. 
call the suicide hotline, you’re worth it. I am here for you as well bud.
Thanks 
anytime my friend, lemme know if you need something.
Let's talk about something. How'd you choose your username?
It's a girl
Good Lord! What a miracle. Congratulations mr. dad :)
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO
GET THEM DAD JOKES READY
I can relate!  
I think I'm a girl too...
That's wonderful RuminatorNZ, I'm so happy for you! Have you two thought of a name yet?
Does anyone else get anxious when replying to texts, even casual texts?
I can hardly even get myself to comment on Reddit
Anyone else get stupid happy when someone is remotely nice to you?
That sounds lovely, I hope you have a ball! (heh)
I do, but it rarely happens
What drinks do you recommend??
Get a Tom Collins. 
What is a Tom Collins? Sounds interesting!
What’s the best thing that happened to you today?
Didn’t have work so I enjoyed a nice shower beer then got some dank pancakes!
How lovely!! This just made me crave pancakes so hard haha
They had blueberry a and chocolate chips if that helps:) 
I tried making my first old fashioned and it came out really good.
Congrats, friend!!! I’m not sure what an old fashioned is but I’m sure it’s wonderful :D
Redditors who “found the one/their soulmate”, how did you find them?
I'm still searching for mine
Me too man
I'm a girl😂
I use man and dude as gender neutral pronouns
Oh ok my bad
Do you like yourself?
I don't like myself at all.
You will eventually!  You’ll look back and see how far you’ve come 
I wish I could still believe that. 
Reddit's April Fools have started, Join our r/CircleOfTrust
Yes. MUAHAHAHA. 
@tizorres can you make another one?
Unfortunately only one per user. Unless another mod wants to give it a try
I just found out I was talking to an attractive lady and now I feel awkward
You go man! Personality is 80% of the battle, don’t be intimidated!
Your fucking gorgeous too my man believe in yourself 
No one knows today is my birthday
Hey, it's my birthday too— happy birthday, birthday buddy!
My art is up at in a gallery AND I’ve already sold one piece!
You can't NOT show them!! 
Just edited the post to include an online portfolio! :)
If I had money you would get it. Those are GREAT. 
Wow! I really like the dogs. You captured the friendliness of them.
Thanks for asking I'm have ing girl issues without even meeting s girl
I have been both happy and content lately 
My SO and I started playing Elder Scrolls Online. 
Replaying Skyrim on my couple weeks off
I switch between No Man’s Sky and Middle Earth: Shadow of War. 
Went to a college bar yesterday, and it felt like a daycare. I'm 27. RIP youth.
Lol I know that feeling. 
What was the sharpie on the guys' right hands for?
'' sharpie on their right hands.'' what does that even mean.. 
Tell me how do you guys Treat Yo'self
I love to get my car completely detailed
Playing video games, while I watch the office on the side. 
Don't really have anyone in my life to share the good news with, so here goes.. I GOT A JOB!
Who needs someone to talk to?
I miss beer
Can't drink beer anymore? :(
It makes me feel fat and crazy lol
Anything you say? How do you feel about modern media?
Please talk to me. 
Hi! First of all, what are your pronouns?
I'm a girl, soo... She/her/human/taco
I’ll hug anyone
Do you guys know about ASMR?
Never heard of this before, sounds cool! Anyone care to share a nice YouTube link? :)
I keep some vids playing in the background when I'm doing random things.
Anyone else get a little irratated when people have the same name as you?
I'm a Rebekah with a 'kah' and most chicks have the double c. So I hate all of them immediately.
Nope, then again I have never come across someone with my same name.
What are you listen to this morning?
I hit the shuffle button. So far I’ve listened to Lorde, Disclosure and Katy Perry. 
I love me some Katy Perry, what songs did the shuffle play?
Death Wish coffee and Slayer
Which Death Wish? There's quite a few groups using that name or some variant.
My bad, it's an actual coffee.
What do you spend a lot of money on?
For me, it's tickets to hockey games. Also my car payment -__-
I LOVE HOCKEY. Literally the only sport I can sit an entire game through. Who is your team?
Colorado Avalanche!!
Today is my one year anniversary of quitting smoking.
Good job! You deserve a cigarette as a reward!
Haha just kidding. Keep it up! 
That’s amazing. I quit today. Wish me luck!
I quit one week ago. Let's do this.
So far, so good. Using NRT, hope that still counts.
Nrt?
I fucking love cleaning.
I like washing dishes 
Read this as I love cheating.
Your degree. Are you using it?
Yes, Computer Games Technology and I'm working as a programmer in the games industry now.
Fun fact: your local hospital is almost certainly desperately low on just about everything right now.
What country??
Right now it barely matters.  Shortages are worldwide.
Wow, I had no idea
Oh man, I fucking love my friends group
Yeah I’ll never have this. 
I finally got my GED!
Congratulations! I know how you feel! It's really exciting. Do you plan on framing it?
I am absolutely going to frame it. It's a symbol of pride for me.
What’s a GED? 
Y'all I just paid off my student loans!
Gz
Now don't go getting yourself into other kinds of debt
Congrats! I think my debt will be around 25k USD. 
I'm loving it.
I'mah just say it. I love Mcdonalds. Not ashamed. 
People who carry stuff every day (especially men): What is your everyday carry and what do you carry it in?
Wallet, keys, phone. Sometimes headphones and pocket knife depending on where I'm going
Phone, head phones, lighter, cigarettes, wallet
Pockets
What kind of headphones?
Looking to just talk, about whatever.
What is your favorite type of tree?
My favorite type of tree is either a cedar or pine tree.
Both very good choices. Have you ever been to a pine grove?
A pine grove? As in a clearing in a pine forest, or?
I cant believe I did it.
Congrats! I'm glad your hard work paid off and I hope you get your first choice of schools!
Congratulations!!!!
Me and another Redditor met on this sub about 5 months ago, and I’m meeting them for the first time IRL tomorrow!
Good for you OP, but I don't think I'm going to meet another redditor. It's just awkward IRL.
Is anyone else tired of the toxic hive mind of reddit?
Yuppppp!!! I have found some subs with decent people though. I’m happy to share lol
Please do
In What Respects Are You Still The Same Person You Were As A Child?
I'm still insanely curious, and I'm still obsessed with space.
How have you been lately?
I am falling apart. I'm really struggling to keep going. 
Same here. What are you up to?
I'm about to go to bed, I've got to get up early tomorrow. What about you?
I'm fucking bitter and angry
What’s got you upset, MSS?
What is MSS?
Not too bad. I'm in my final year of my degree and I'm ready to be done already! 
I'm trying to build a better life for myself. :)
I've been feeling down. I isolated myself in my room. On the edge of a mental breakdown.
What’s been getting you down?
Thank you older random man
Did the guy look like Morgan Freeman? Might explain a couple things 
Milk or cereal first?
Wouldn't the milk splash all over the place if you put cereal on top? Damnit now I'm hungry....
Exactly! Humans are strange creatures 
True true! I hear some even put the milk in before the bowl!    
Does anyone else feel like this?
sadly, too many of my days are like that.
Hang in there
Water is so damn good
The best water is the water in the glass next to my bed when I wake up hungover. 
Who else makes that little oop noise when you almost run into someone or almost drop something?
Canadians are known for Eh but Oop is probably far more common
TIL I might be Canadian
Sorry
i feel its more woop! from me. but very short and slightly high pitched for a man. 
Mine's a 'woomp!' going from low to a half-tone higher 
It's known as a Midwestern thing in the States 
Minnesotan here, I reference it as more of an “ope” rather than an oop (:
*almost run into someone* 
*In unison*: OHP 
Lemme just sneak past ya here.
 I always do this and I live in California 
This is definitely a California thing but more ohp than oop
Alone and drunk whats up
I wish I were drunk. I just got home from a long couple days with my family. 
Sounds like you might wanna get high
I don't really care. I might just end up going to sleep. What are you up to?
Taking a break from drinking for a bit gonna put a dip in just chillin on the couch
Cool beans bro. How was your day?
Standing alone in a packed bar. Waiting to find a convo to drop in on
Damn I couldn’t handle that hate being in crowds alone
DAE speak their internal dialogues out loud, to yourself when you're alone?
I have a Tulpa so does that count? r/Tulpas
Today I marched for what I believe in.
What do you believe in? What were you protesting? Why did you march?
Just caught two guys trying to break in my house ...
Damn. Where did this happen?
You got to get a gun. Could have at least shot one in the leg and called the police. 
I live in France and guns aren’t allowed 
This is why we have the Second Amendment. 
Yeah but I’m French 
Hello people of casual conversation in reddit 👋
Hello! I am in Barcelona, Spain :)
Hiya 👋😀
Very well Thankyou. Yourself? 
Houston Texas! 
I’d love to go there btw 
Hello from New Mexico.
I’m from Co.Cork Ireland, pleased to meet ya!
How do you do 😀
Stockholm represent! 
East Texas, US ☹️🙄
Hi there, a friend who I don't know yet!
Hiya internet friend 😀
Tennessee, USA
Hello! I live around Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Lots of bicycling here
Orlando, Florida!
Hello ! I am from Nagpur, India. The city of oranges and the centre of India.
Hello from West Virginia, land of many cousins
I am also from said place
Hail and well met, from Arkansas, US. The land of many trees and not so many things to do
Sounds daft but I love trees 🌲🌳 I love the way they sound in the wind and the way they move
Hello fellow person. I have not seen many of our kind on this particular interweb site
Hey fellow lurker know that you're loved and appreciated! Free hugs here!
Sign me up
Didn't know how much I actually needed that. Thanks, friend. 
Don't make me teat up now you
Does anyone actually enjoy this sort of condescending artificial karma-train bs?
I’m just here for the hug
*opens arms wide*
I’m quitting my job next week to go freelance.
Best of luck on it 
Great job, just keep pulling through! Hard work pays off.
Wouldn’t you rather be paidlance? 
That assumes I’m good enough, I could maybe stretch to budgetlance
Best of luck to you man
No amount of money is worth your happiness. Do you and put in 100% and you will be fine.
Thanks for the vote of confidence man! Means a lot
Trying to pass the time working third shift
Fellow night man here. How we doin bud?
Hello! Not a third shifter but work 24s, what's going on?
Any video games that have amazing story, soundtrack and other stuff that makes it like no other else?
La Noire is a kick butt 1940s detective authentic game. Its truly beautiful 
Life is Strange has an amazing soundtrack and a good story 
Fine I’ll say it. The uncharted series. 
Just found this subreddit, wanted to wish everyone a nice day.
And to yourself my friend :)
I laid my service dog to rest today.
I'm so sorry. I know it's hard, I'll be praying for you today
Thank you. Much appreciated.
It’s my birthday today and I’m feeling sad
Happy Womb Evacuation Day! It always rains on my birthday lol
Happy birthday! What games have you been playing?
Happy late birthday man 
Congratulations, /r/CasualConversation! You are Subreddit of the Day!
Aww yeahh 
Woopdedoop!
So anyways how is everyone doing? :)
We should talk about this... Casually.
I am a person who disappeared. I want to share my story with you.
Your writing is very pleasant to read. 
Very engaging. OP should consider writing a book. 
Sounds like you done right for you, but would you do it again?
Damn, guess I have to read all the Jack Reacher books again
It's deleted :( does anyone have the full post?
A girl said that she finds me attractive and my insecure ass thought it was a prank/joke .
tbh if someone told me that I wouldn't believe it either.
A dollar a shave isn't such a great deal
Screw shaving LOLZ...
I save a shit ton of money by growing a beard. And it’s awesome.
The chicks did it too!
I saw Black Panther and the most relatable character was the villain.
Also, he was super hot.
My mom just found out her dad isn't her dad by taking the ancestry dna test.
How's your grandpa taking this? 
Did your grandfather know? 
Two truths and a Lie
1) I graduated college in my Forties 
2) I live with a Narcissist
3) I've lost 100 lbs.
Hmm... let's go with #2. #2 being the like makes me feel good about the world
Then... I don't think you want to know the answer.
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
2 is the lie, because you look *fabulous*, dahling
1. I am bilingual
2. My favorite color is pink
3. I was born in Texas 
Favorite color is black?
1. I'm into fart porn
2. I'm a furry
3. I'm gay but still appreciate a female ass
What do you do when you are having a rough time?
Sleep or play video games.
Nice! Any specific games you really enjoy?
Skyrim
I learned a small (but sweet) thing about my BF that I want to share.
Fuck this makes me sad. Why do I have to appreciate what I have only after I’ve lost it. 
My partner has spoken to me 8 times in 2018.
So being willing to drink a crappy cup of coffee so you can enjoy a good one is sweet?
He buys me carnivorous plants, bc he knows I love torturing bugs. 
What’s your favorite lyric of all time?
I'm thinking about it.
My girlfriend of 7 years split up with me &amp; I have no other friends online or irl. Can we talk about literally anything? I miss conversations
I’ll be your friend! 
I finally deleted Facebook and Instagram for good.
How does one delete Facebook account?
What is your all time favourite video game?
Silent Hill 2
Great choice.  Why?
Ignoring skyrim as its too obvious, I'd go with darksiders 2 cos i played through it so much 
I played that game too! Really fun movement and combat. It's like low difficulty Dark Souls :D
It’s 'per se' not 'persay'/'per say'!
I dnot reaeyll udnesrtnad wtha yuo aer syanig.
/r/excgarated 
Where does it originate? Sounds Latin. 
It bugs me when people also use sike not realizing the word is psych like a psych-out.
Sike!
As someone who isn't a native speaker, Latin words in English really confuse me. 
For me it’s more of the pronunciations that get to me. Like epitome
You would kill me if you knew how I used to pronounce norepinephrine
I don’t know if I want to know.
nor-eh-pee-neh-freen
Norah Pine Frine?
Close..
Norah pine ah frine
This is heresy and not hearsay.
Both are good, they just don't mean the same thing. ;)
That and when people say “wah-la” instead of “voilà”...makes me cringe every time.
I see people also say 'noah fence' instead of 'no offence' lol 
No way... I refuse to believe anyone over the age of 10 can make this mistake.
Yeah, noah fence doesn't really hold water.
'Segway' bugs me. It's 'segue.' 
I fucking cringe when someone says “he did a complete 360”
Also er on the cautious side not air 
I think I'm bisexual.
That's great! It feels good to fully understand yourself :) Do you lean one way or another?
Hi, wanna talk?
Disney
Anyone wanna talk?
What is rn?  
What’s the story behind your username? Can you guess what mine means?
I don't get out much.
Greetings, fellow basement dweller 
It’s a shortened version of my name 
Oh hi there Antivenom
Lmao iv is because I’m the fourth. My first name is italian. My last name is just the initial
Y'all know
I love red pandas and 819 are numbers in my phone number
Brb while I try every combination of numbers with “819” in it to reach you. 
lol there are a lot of country codes
Rainbow Six Siege between studying , its gets really tense , i love it 
I was finally able to use something in real life that I learned on Reddit
Another good method is to use a broom. (Not being sarcastic) source: am a glassblower 
That’s called oblique lighting, and they use it to search crime scenes too! 
Be right back, going to shatter a whole bunch of glass on the floor and test this. 
Just a little glass will do, don't worry. Good luck 
Maaaaan, dont you wish you just had money? Like a whole pile of it.
That would be nice 🌝
Ikr bruh!
yes lol
Thanks for agreeing! 
I'm a grown man, but every now and then I put all of my strength into a Kamehameha blast, just to see if it's still impossible. What do you do that makes you still a kid?
Whenever I watch Sailor Moon, I’ll always copy the transformation movements without fail
Haha that's awesome! 
I’m honestly wondering how I’m not getting sick of doing it lol
I buy cool hot wheels and vintage toys from eBay
I just fed a tiger! I can report that he's a satisfied kitty &lt;3
WTF LUCKY
Nothing really exciting probably just go somewhere with my friends hbu?
Everyone in my family ordered their own pizza today
Best pizza ever; banana peppers and feta cheese on a normal slice.
Fuckin *decadence*
Whenever I see Wendy’s commercials for their “fresh never frozen” beef it grosses me out.
Wendy's is one of the few fast food places I actually enjoy eating at 
Taco Bell is definitely my favorite fast food place
I think I am addicted to Reddit.
Ugh, I know. My girlfriend gets mad at me but I'm hooked to that sweet, sweet karma. 
Same, and if a comment I made has -5 points it makes me feel bad, and I usually delete it
Oof, how did you manage to get negative points? 
When people down vote, instead of up vote, you get negative points/karma
How much time do you spend daily on  reddit? 
Wait, so I can just say ANYTHING on my mind here and start a conversation?
Wow that was fast
What’s your story?
Story?
Your life story
Well this will teach you social skills!
What would you like to talk about?
I'm a Toys R Us employee, I have to be at work at 7 tomorrow, and I can't even think about sleep right now.
bigger and better things are coming your way my friend
Wait is Toys R Us closing or something?
Get it off your chest, I'm all ears.
Need to study, but I can't find the motivation. Fuck this.
I hate my family
I'm not doing well in one of my classes and I'm scared I will fail it :(
 How come? What class?
Well holy Dad moment Batman!
THE LEVEL OF “THATS MY BOY” YOU MUST BE FEELING 
I absolutely had the happy Dad tears!
No stop! /r/happydadscrying always makes me cry!
Bummed that's not an actual subreddit. (Well, one that's in use) 
Awesome,  I'm stoked for you.  I hope there are many more!
Tea is so good
I recently bought a bag of 440 tea bags, best day of my life
That's a lot of tea..
So I'll be getting a dollar raise next week which will bump me up to $14.50 an hour as a temp, which will officially be the most I've ever been making.
What is  the minimum wage in your country?
'Tis that time agin! Tell me something about yourself that you may view as negative trait, and let me put a positively positive spin on it for you!
Im lost and alone and stuck in a bad situtation i wish i could escape from.
Give me your favorite line
If everything is permitted, no one is safe - Haytham Kenway from Assassin's Creed 3 
Do you ever just feel kind of friendless sometimes?
Always.
What videogames do you guys play?
- Kerbal Space Program
- Minecraft
Will you freak out if I say I never played Minecraft?
GTA 5 doom far cry 4 mortal kombat x and warframe 
I eventually got bored of GTA 5. Like, what am i supposed to do?
I hate seeing great little shops that no one goes into, I get so sad
Could just be a slow time. How long have you seen this shop before you entered?
Never seen it before. After my thing, I'll go in and update you - I need some noodles :)
Pick up some kimchi for me 
If you're in Brisbane, sure
Thanks mate
...wait, really? 
Of course not. Can you see the sun? I can't.
Stephen Hawking just passed away
Sad day for science :(
Its a surprise he even lived this long despice (is that correct??) his illness. 
Where have you been, where are you going?
I got my wisdom teeth pulled out
Oooooh. How're you feeling? I had a horrible wisdom tooth experience... No fun.
Am I the only person who thinks that some songs are better to listen to during certain times of the day?
And some songs sound better at different times of the year/during different seasons.
What's a fun word to say in your accent?
Caramel
What songs have made you cry? I just cried for the first time hearing a song
Every time I listen to Binary Sunset 
So apparently my legal name, on my birth certificate, is 'baby girl'. My first name is officially Baby.
This just makes me think of Baby Driver.
*B-A-B-Y, Baby. Whenever the sun don't shiiiiiine...*
I like hoodies.
I'm sorry, I thought it said noodles.
I wear pajamas a lot. Sometimes I like to wear a onesie out. 
Say something positive.
Molecules that lose an electron. 
Who are they donating it to? 
Some molecules want more electrons. They can sometimes donate them. 
I'm very thankful for my girlfriend. She's a very incredible lady :) 
It's almost spring time. (In the US at least)
Jammin out with some friends tonight, then playing an open mic!
Jealous! What do you play?
Break a leg!
Just wanted to say, I've been trying to quit smoking cigarettes and today is 2 weeks since I've had one.
I heard that the first 5 days are the hardest so you're doing great so far!  Congrats :) 
It was the first week for me. 
Congrats on making it past the first week!
Oh I smoke backwoods now. But when I quit cigs, the hard part was the first week
What are backwoods?
Every night I tell myself I'm gonna go to bed early, and then next thing I know it's 4am and I'm still up playing guitar or watching Netflix or making French toast. I have no idea why I love this so much.
Y'all are gonna love /r/NightOwls
There are dozens of us! Dozens! 
Me too, except without the guitar, Netflix, and definitely french toast. 
How do you spend the night then...
give me good music
im not sure wut to say
What kind of phone(s) do you guys have?
I have a pixel. It's pretty great. Much better than what I had before. 
Does it really charge all the way in 15 min?
Samsung Galaxy J1. It's my first cell phone and I've had it for 7 months.
What do you think of it? Anything you don't like?
LG Optimus V. I know, it's old.
My friend told me to kill myself :/
Don't kill yourself OP.
Fuck those losers, I'll /we'll be your friend 
I just won a state championship for debate.
No you didn't!
Huh?
So I got a girlfriend the other day?
CONGRATS! Hope you are as happy as you could possibly be :)
That's so lovely!! Basically my gay-ass goals.
so mate, you missed out the important bit, did you stick it in her/get stuck? 
Um. Im a girl. Also. Is that your only motivation?
Im getting married in an hour.
Good luck. I don't know why you'd need it, but good luck anyways. 
To not cry or trip. Haha. Thank you. :)
&gt; not cry
are you insane
They were nummy.
That's it?
What did people eat for lunch?
My leftove thai food from last night and a capri sun:)
Dude. Capri sun is the fucking best. 
It's morning where I am, but yesterday for lunch, I had a cup of yogurt and some macaronis. 
A leftover slice of pizza!
Pizza is the best! So long as it isn't that shitty Hawaiian shit!
wouldn't really call it a lunch, but beans. haha.
gotta get protein somehow.
Dude. Protein is the best. 
Chick-fil-A of course...because the first step is admitting you have an addiction.
Them spicy chicken sammiches tho. They give me such shits, but they is so good. 
wow...haha
Ramen and two eggs, delicious.
I love ramen goddammit.
A Cheeseburger and French Fries 
Damn straight you did.
😀😊☺🍔🍟
*I had some sandwiches.* 
DAMN U SOUND LIKE UR IN A GOOD MOOD THX NOW I AM TOO
I'm not american and it baffles my how much hate your new president receiving on reddit.
Reddit is young and naive, so most of what you read is uninformed hyperbole
Where are you from?  What news do you read?
I got accepted into my #1 university!
Congrats man, thats great. What school are you headed to?
Is it Imperial College? My friend got accepted too today! Congrats!!
Why are you single this Valentines Day?
Because I'm a shut-in
I'm 13. 
I'm 20
Because no body like me? I don't really know and I can't seem to figure out why.
I'm shy around girls
Let's talk about videogames
Right now I'm playing Skyrim, bf1, prison architect and UFC 2! All on the Xbox one
Playing quite a bit of Don't Starve at the moment 
Is it worth talking about LoL?
Anyone want to talk
How has your week been so far?
Ok I have only had school for two days rest of week is free it's good
Got any exciting plans coming up?
My friend will be sleeping over In a couple days I'm excited for that
Yea kind of, whats up? :D
What's everyone's Valentine's Day plans?
Work!
Laaaaame. What kind of job do you work?
I was wearing a Hakuna Matata Lion King shirt yesterday and an African man walked up to me and pointed at it asking Do you know what that means?
You should ask him what hasa diga eebowai means
I want a shirt that says Mir ist das scheißegal!
 Its sorta like the german Hakuna Matata
Does that mean Me is shit?
What non-valentines day things are you doing today?
This will be my first CL match I've seen in a while. 
Dentist appointment today plus wrighting a few letters to friends 
bring music/podcasts for your dentist appointment, that always helps me. 
Working - Commute for 2 hours - Overwatch - sleep
 I will be wiping bottoms and putting the elderly to bed later. (I am a cna) 
Happy Birthday to everyone who never gets to celebrate because of Valentine's Day.
Ate lobster and celebrated with family, overall pretty good.
I'm just the average Canadian boy, I'd just like to get to know some people and some people to know me!
You like ice hockey?
I don't play ice hockey, but it is ok to watch
Got a  team you support?
Tomorrow I'm going to ask a friend I'm in love with to be my girlfriend.
You do know that just asking her out for a date is an option? And a far better one.
How do I get updated on this without putting in any effort myself?
I will personally reply to this comment and tell you how it goes tonight. 
if you could be anything..
A badass lady like MCU's Melinda May or Peggy Carter.
I would like to work for the FBI. :)
that would be so interesting! i feel like any kind of investigative work would be thrilling
Another one of those Bored posts
I'm procrastinating. How do you do?
Same. I'm on YouTube when I should be doing homework.
How is it that I'm in California too but it's barely 8:30?
I know right that's what I said! But I think the /s is supposed to stand for sarcasm.
Hmmmm if that's what she actually meant
Yeaaaah weird right 
Really weird..... /starts investigating/
Did you find anything 👀
I'm still new on here so I'm bad at stalking
We must learn the ways
I don't think you're supposed to notice that or read his history...
LMAO
And OP is a *her
I think if you read the history it's a him. 
Oh idek how to read the history so I'll trust you
To everyone investigating, /s is for sarcasm :P
Sooo the time stamp was sarcastic too?
Truth or Dare: Reddit Edition
Truth
Go eat something
Done, your turn.
Truth.
What is your most pathetic fap?
Still haven't had one, all mine have been legendary. ;)
Alright. Fair enough. My turn.
Truth!
Truth! Hit me lol
What do is the worst flaw in your SO?
If you don't have one, what's the worst flaw in you?
What is your worst flaw?
your turn
Everyone's saying truth, so hit me with a dare!
I dare you to rub ketchup in your hair ( you can wash it out right after)
I hate you a little bit OP I hope you know that. Done. You next. 
Please, I just need to hear a friendly voice. We can talk about anything under the sun. Just please help me.
What's your favorite animal? 
What's up man?
Hello :)
Hello from Chicago! If you need a Midwest friend feel free to contact me! 😃 
Nice! How's the weather up there?
It's unusually warm. Idk how I feel about it. Hows your weather (wherever you are?) 
It's usually warm. It's never not warm, honestly, but I don't mind. Tell me about yourself!
Hi 
Hola!
What's up dude? 
Hello! If you need a friend I'm here! :) How are you doing now that this post has taken off?
/r/kindvoice
What's brown and sticky?
Answer: A stick!
Do you still need to talk if so you can pm me
I know you need help, but please don't post this kind of stuff here. It is against the rules.
Yeah because rules are far more important than someone in distress.
I'm 15 hours late but you are a lovely person and deserving of a hug
I will have a conversation with everyone who talks in this thread!!
HELLO I LIKE BUTTS
I too like butts and cannot lie. Men's or a womens?
Womens lol but men have great ones too :D
what else do u like besides big butts?
Chinese food :D
oo whats ur favorite dish
Noodles. Wbu?
*What do you like to do when you're home alone? I like to eat crisps and drink soda.*
Usually when im home alone i cook myself some food and watch tv. What flavor of crisps?
*I like spicy crisps.*
oo have u ever had like spicy bbq ones
*Nope, but my favourites are hot chicken wing flavoured crisps.*
are u from Britain by any chance? and also are crisps = potato chips?
*Yes, they are.*
Saturday night nothingness.
White Russians. To many. Sup.
Sup, sounds good.How many is too many?
Best cheese/meat sandwich combo?
Ham and cheeze wiz, grilled, don't judge.
We're all part of the nothingness regardless, if I'm understanding you correctly.
Has anyone else noticed an influx of NSFW spam on Reddit today?
They've been all over Reddit posting nude girls in subreddits about dogs/cats/books etc. 
I even just saw one is my sub for singer/songwriter Regina Spektor, I was getting so confused. 
Alright CC. Let's take a trip to the zoo. What animal do you go see first?
Wolves
Really depressed and lonely. I don't know what to do.
I like your username. Is there anything interesting about dolphin dicks? 
Nope. I've never even seen an actual dolphin's dick but I'd imagine they look weird
I feel obligated to look it up but im afraid of the results
I hope you feel much better🤗🤗🤗🤗
Hey man, how you doing? :)
Doing fine as of right now. How about you?
My wife is pregnant!
I hope your baby grows up and learns to do a handstand 
Damn I will make sure this happens! Just for you!
You have 6 years to deliver, OP!
Congratulations! Now go pamper your wife for a bit! 
&gt;Can't tell anyone
Tells 200,000 people online
But seriously, congratulations!
Cant' tell anyone I know! Do I know you? ;)
Mine and my girlfriend's work visas were issued today. We leave Canada for Japan in less than two weeks. Going to teach English. Holy shit.
Its all good. I teach English in South Korea. Been here 1.5 years from California. 
My husband drove me to work today
Were you planning on making poor choices and now he threw you off? 
How was your day?
I have mono and have been too sore/tired to go to my 8am class for the last 3 weeks.
At least, you can't have it a second time 
It was actually really good. My therapist and I played chess and I beat her twice, lol.
Nice. You a big fan of chess?
I doubt myself too. I had some similar problems.
All we can do just take baby steps in order to get out of doubting ourselves. 
It sucked.
I'm sorry about that man.
Mine was okay. Im doing some math hw on the computer tho. We can still talk.
I just got home from work and I was like let me do math homework and ended up on here.
What bit you?
Charlie! 
I love that video! :D
Every summer, I end up getting bit by a huge amount of mosquitos.
Can totally relate. Haven't you got any mosquito repellent?
I think. But it only happens during the summer.
Yeah. But do you put the repellent on in the summer?
TBH no
Why not? It's the obvious thing to do.
Casual communication wanted
Sure. Let's be casual.
Favorite food?
Are you in school right now?
I am not, I have finished school
Nice, what did you study? Are you working now or doing something else?
I'm working, not in my field of study but it's an okay job 
What about yourself? 
I'm doing a physics and computer science degree
What is that?
I believe it's the same as a pickle 
I love pickles on my burgers
Good morning reddit! What did you have for breakfast today?
That oatmeal sounds delicious! It's nighttime here, but this morning I had a blueberry bagel. 
Damn, now I want a bagel.. What did you have in your bagel, or did you just go plain? 
Yogurt with grapes in it 
It's 1am and I'm having beer for breakfast atm
Good night here, I had tacos for dinner.
What kind of tacos? :) 
Tacos al pastor, the best kind of tacos.
I had half of a cookie that i baked over the weekend.  Totally healthy of course.  Hahaha.
What kind of cookies did you bake? I guess that also defines whether or not it's healthy.. :) 
Choclate crossant, mocha and cheese dip.
I had a blueberry bagel with butter and a raspberry crumb cake. 
Give me a prompt and I'll attempt to sketch it! Part 2
Me, sleeping at my desk at work :) 
Just looking at places on Google maps is really cool.
Orange City, Iowa, is a cool little Dutch immigrant town. 
Hey, I was born there. 
Google Earth in VR is next-level amazing.
What are you getting your partner/crush/friend ect for Valentine's Day?
Vodka. For Myself. RIP. 
Yarn. For me. 
A milkshake for myself yo
Nothing.   We've agreed that this holiday just really isn't for us. 
Finally got my first kiss!
I'm happy for you. Unfortunately this isn't something that will happen for me.
Why not? Is it not something you want?
Next step: touching a boob
no no seeing side boob ;) but that works too lol 
He can just go out in public and do that. You're playing body baseball all wrong.
Lol I guess different people have different objectives 
congrats man!
I got my first kiss at 25.  I am 27 now.  Anyone got theirs later than me?
Today is my 22nd birthday :)
Happy birthday, fellow aquarius :)
Thank you! Aquarius, eh? When is yours?
Happy Nameday! Have a great one.
Haha nameday! That's cool! Thank you so much! :)
You're welcome! That was a game of thrones reference.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! I heard Aquarius and gemini are perfect matches. 
Me too, and I'm also turning 22! We also share today with Bob Marley. Have a happy birthday!
I'M 22 THIS YEAR TOO!My birthday is on the 6th Feb too. Coincidence much?!
SWEET! I found my twins! xD
I want to have conversation with people who need someone to vent to or just have a comfortable conversation with!
If you put water on water, does it become wetter or remain equally wet
It's simply a higher volume of water
but does it become wetter?
If you put a solid on top of another solid does it become more solid?
What is the purpose of life? 
I feel empty
Why hon?
Can we talk weather in your area, pretty please?
It is night here and 16 c good I can sleep comfortably.
That sounds like a rather pleasant temp for overnight.   You must live somewhere quite warm.  
Ya India It is considered cool for us.
So my boyfriend moved in with me about 2 months ago
I wake up every morning with my dog staring at my face from 2 inches away. So, there's that.
That's like me, except with a cat's asshole. 
That's like me, except with a crushing sense of loneliness and the banality of existence.
You should get a whole cat, you'd feel better.
My fiancee broke her leg :(
Everyone dies in the end.
Does your boyfriend know you have a dick?
Pretty sure he figured that out
What's your favorite country other than your own?
Sweden
And why's that?
And why is that?*
smh my country is one of my least favorite.
Spain is probably my favorite.
That feeling when you don't see your own country in the comments :(
My girlfriend is on a date with my oldest son and I couldn't be happier!!!
The title makes t sounds like they are literally dating
I guess I kind of assumed people would get what I meant.
Dude this is reddit. People will hunt and skin you for a minor spelling mistake
Or break your hands? 
YOU FORGOT THE PERIOD AT THE END OF YOUR SENTENCE.  PREPARE YOUR ANUS.
You wrote in all capitals, and have no exclamation marks! Prepare your anus!
I still don't get it. What's OP trying to say?
His girlfriends and son are bonding 
Sexually
No they're bonding because they could become a mother and son 
Sexually.
whoah i thought you got cucked by your son..........
Ur happy your girlfriend is cheating on you with your son? 😜
Agony Uncle. Tell me your problems
My hand can't fit inside this Pringles can. 
Sometimes you just gotto let those hard to reach chips go.
But I've had my heart set on them for a whole 5 minutes. I can't just let them walk away.
Dear Agony Uncle, 
What is the best way to get out of an awkward situation?
My cat meows at me but protests when I cuddle her. Agony Uncle, impart on me some wisdom. 
That iddy biddy kitty kat wants a treat.
i need to do a homework and i don't know how :I 
I had an amazing day yesterday :)
That's awesome glad you are happy😀😊☺
Just stopped by to say your music is awesome! 
Aww :3 I hope you ask her out :)
You should watch the movie Sing Street!
It's February 3rd and my Christmas decorations are still up.
it's Saturday and I have yet to hand-in my assingment that was due on Tuesday
I still haven't finished my mum's birthday present - her birthday was 31 Dec.
Stop slacking
Hey - have you done your assignment???? yep, thought so! Get on with it!
I will. Tomorrow.
It's snowing here in Vancouver, how's the weather like where you live?
33C (91F) here. Send me all the snow you want!!!
Gladly take some :) I'm throwing you a snowball
--------------------O
ᗒ ͟ʖᗕ
Wait, it must have melted....
Heres a few more
o o o o o o o o o o o 
Let's play a game!
OH MY GOOOOOOooD
The future has a plan, there is no fate in what you make for yourself
Listen, I know how to do some stuff, I will meet up with you, and I will kick your butt.
Taken? 
Don't think about it, Jake. It's the place where Chinese people live.
Lisa, what you are doing is utterly destroying me from the inside out!
AND YOU WILL KNOW! MY NAME IS THE L-O-R-D! when I lay vengeance upon thee
*pewpewpew*
For Fritos.
Let me introduce you to my best friend.
What TV series are you currently watching on Netflix?
Degrassi: Next Class
I'm also going to start the Santa Clarita Diet today.
I'm re-watching White Collar
I'm bored so here's a list of words and phrases that make me uncomfortable for some reason.
Wait, what is wrong with turnip?
Meatloaf. Ugh. Meat should not be a loaf I can't even try it. Just the word is so disgusting. 
Hey man you should give meatloaf a try. Pretty decent, especially with ketchup.
It's basically a burger but without the rest.
It's the loaf part that's the problem. That and the onions. 
Cool beans, thanks for the list!
So is the wifey preggers yet?
No but the hubby keeps wanting to have a kid. Turnip for what, right?!
Hubby got the Wifey Preggers with a kiddo, to whom they feed turnips every day. It's cool beans!
'meta', especially when it's said irl, I cringe almost every time.
fixins
tuh-TOO for tattoo, courtesy of Bob's Burgers
Have you ever heard an actual person say tuh-TOO?
Why do people hate the word 'moist' so much? I think it's actually a rather ... moist word!
Nitch instead of niche  
Tit-ular instead of titular   
Prota-gonist instead of protagonist  
I hate it when people say smoll instead of small irl, or any other meme for that matter.
Chicken boobs. Why? That's not funny. They're chicken breasts, and you're 23 not 14.
Ladybits 
Couch
There's more I just can't think right now.
You prefer the word sofa, huh?
Fondling.
I have a social obligation every Saturday until April
Any funerals on your schedule?
I Bought Pineapple Soap!
I don't notice the smell difference but I think I use old spice.
I fucking *love* Old Spice. 
I seem to have chosen wisely
Ask and tell me what your favorite anything is
My favourite tv show is Daredevil! What's yours? :)
Welp, I'm old...
I turned 30 today.
I blew my whole life up unexpectedly on Monday and it's gonna work out.
I'd love to just take off somewhere but I live with my partner and I'm scared of upsetting him. 
Relevant username!
Wanna make it happen?
Conspiracy charges here we come!! 
I'll bring the rope! 
I love all of your usernames. 
That is so awesome!  How quickly did you find a new place and new job?
Now that you're in San Diego, you gotta get into craft beer. I am up to suggest things for you.
Feel quite lonely tbh
What is your favorite kind of cookie?
The classic chocolate chip, never ever put raisins in my cookies ever
You?!
I love the peanut butter blossom cookies
Just want to chat, 17F
What is your relationship to peanut butter?
How do you feel about anime? 
How about MMORPGS? Or games in general?
I love both! What about you?
That's great! Favourite anime and game? 
I do love both as well :)
No Game No Life, and Skyrim, based on hours.
I loved no game no life! Which is your favorite character? 
Shiro! Yours?
Definitely shiro. What other Anime do you enjoy? I really like the romantic comedy ones 
What is your favorite kind of girl scout cookie?
Favorite game?
Sup.
Not much, you?
Meh, just chillin. But I'll be overwhelmed with school work after this week.
Just had a shit day, any movie recommendations?
Big hero 6
Whenever I'm sad I watch Before I disappear on Netflix
Desperado, Once upon a time in Mexico, The Pest and Sgt. Bilko 
Any games you would recommend?
I just finished Life is Strange, that was a good game.
Doom 2016 as well.
I live in Switzerland and today is the annual siren test. Every emergency siren in the whole country runs for a couple of minutes
I believe most places in the US test their sirens on Wednesdays or Saturdays at noon.
Every Friday at 11 AM in my area.
First Tuesday of the month, ~10 or 11 am
Sounds like the perfect time to invade.
Mississippi here. The tornado sirens are tested every Wednesday at noon.
Last year we made a Valentines day playlist, let's do it again! What is your favorite love song or valentines song?
First day of my life - bright eyes
Pale bleu eyes - Velvet underground 
Help me make my wifes valentines day special! Trying to get people around the world to take a picture with a hand written note telling her my love for her reached where you are
Is a British telephone box good?
would be greatly appreciated! You are awesome thanks for responding
No worries. I'll try and get a photo infront of one on a walk this morning :)
thank you so very much you are wonderful :)
Totally gonna do this if I can get a camera to work haha screw my phone. Germany here!
You are awesome thank you so much :) 
I like burnt popcorn. What's your unusual taste in food?
I like raw onions, they taste good.
So how are you going to spend the Valentines Day?
I'll probably play rocket league and try to not think about my friend
Whats there about your friend that you want to avoid thinking about?
I like her but the feelings aren't mutual.
Alone. Per the usual I suppose.
Hello I'm 19 and from the UK, I'm bored as shit and currently suffering from antidepressant withdrawals.
Mirtazapine is the shit
Fit or Muscular for cuddles
Not speaking from experience, but I guess the latter would be nicer.
I couldn't say, never cuddled before.
Time to experience the joy of cuddling with no sexual expectation.
Never cuddled.
Then go cuddle
Hi. Reply if you're bored???
What's up? I'm just downloading Mass Effect 2 right now. 
Is that a video game? Idk anything
I'm watching Zootopia. Pretty darn bored. How bout you?
I'm bored, browsing Reddit from a hospital room, with my patient 
Are you still awake redditor?
Yep. When I'm with family in the hospital, I never sleep. 
What are you there for 
Hey what's up! I'm bored as well just killing time, how did you get your name? 
If I told you I'd give it AWAY
Im learning english and it is very boring
Wutang?? What's that?
I'm sitting outside eating corn in a cup. What are you up to?
Elotes?!
Yes!!!! But in a cup lol
Hiya it's you again (I tagged u xD). I am looking at recipes for pulled pork to try out
Lmao hi!!! Yay pulled pork :D I actually haven't ate yet except for the corn in a cup.
Me neither! Cuz I was too lazy to cook
Watching the new ghost busters with my hopefully soon to be SO
I haven't seen that one. I have way too many movies I haven't seen that I want to.
I should be asleep, but I'm here listening to music.
Why can't you sleep?
I'm really hung up on this corn in a cup thing. Why a cup, I guess is my question?
Cup because it's not as messy as eating corn on a stick. 
but what about bowls?
eating spaghetti-os from a can with my finger
How did that go? Aren't they slippery?
I just had a very nice cup of coffee with a very nice chocolate biscuit. 
Coffee sounds good right now. Well, I can't sleep so maybe it won't help me lol
What are you looking forward to?
Not being pregnant any more. 
Got new spray paint ordered yesterday!
 What are you going to create with it?
Becoming more stable. Getting in better shape. Whatever I decide to bake tonight. Moving! 
I'm Iranian American and I'm having the worst day.
should of thought of that before you guys knocked them towers down 😖
Your comment has been removed for being bigoted and uncivil.  
What about everyone saying fuck Trump?
اگه بخواهی صحبت کنی خوشحالم باهت حرفی بزنم دوستم! از یک امریکایی به یکی دیگه
Keep your savage language off the internet please.
be nice to others
Dad has Arabic origins. Have some uncles in Dubai currently that I can't see :(
r/wholesomememes honestly makes me sadder than r/me_irl ever did
It comes off as fake happiness to me, idk. Like they're trying too hard to be wholesome 
Sorry for deraliing it dude, but...
Do you like pineapple on pizza?
In exchange for drawing me a picture, I'll link you one of three things!
Is there anything specific you want? 
The cast of The Office as cats? :D 
But I'm open to whatever your kind enough to draw for me. 
*franctically tries to find klondike drawing*
:33
I found it, but I dun have a picture of it.
333:
Oh well. No linkie for me :I
/r/linkthree
:|
I MADE THAT SUBREDDIT :DDDD
LIKE 5 MONTHS AGO :I
YAY!
No one ever used it ;-;
Used what?
My subreddit.
Talking about it 2 comments ago.
Oh.
/r/linkthreeeeeeeee
o.o
/r/hardwickkkkkkkkkkkk
That's also my subreddit :D
YAY!!
Nobody went on it :I
Aww :(
At least people actually *go* on your subreddits :3
MY subreddits? I don't have any.
ooh
Uh huh.
Huh uh.
Nuh uh.
Let's talk about noodles.
OKI
What's your favorite noodle :3
The swirly one. You?
There's a swirly noodle?
# :OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Yes! :D
WHAT'RE THEY CALLED :O
ROTINI
I'MA GO BUY A BIG BOX FOR SHIVA
She didn't like it :I
Remind me, and I'll get back to this later!
Okie. &gt;.&gt;
As a kid, what movie(s) did you repeatedly watch?
The Lion King!
I could never get bored of that movie. 
The Indiana Jones Movies, the Back To The Future movies, the Harry Potter movies
The Goonies must have been right up your alley!
I used to watch the Power Rangers movie nonstop. 
I have talked to more girls in 2017 than I have in the past 19 years
Same! I've talked to 1 whole girl multiple times :D
I've had sex with 2 girls I've know since we were in 8th grade 5 days apart.
Tybg 
Teach me more about girls, people 
So how many then ?
What kind of up/downvoter are you ?
I'm the same as you. I also upvote almost anyone who replies to me :)
Hi!
Hi there! 
Upvoted! 🙋
Hi!!!!! It's nice to see you again! :DDD
And how have you been?  :)
I've been doing alright, thanks! How about you? :) 
Talk to me
Why is water wet?
Idk but I like it that way
But you haven't had dry water yet, have you?
Have you tried setting it to wumbo?
Looking for interesting podcasts
What are you into? 
Anything that is eyeopening , such as crimes, philosophy, environmental science :) 
Have you tried the Friday night comedy podcast or others from the BBC? 
I have not, currently just searching genres :)
What are you plans tonight?
Spending a night with my wife where we don't do anything. 
Gonna scarf down some dinner at home and then go hang out with some Robotics nerds at school. 
FRC?
Gonna get a haircut, hang out at robotics club, and probably watch a movie with my sister
Ehh, /u/zsign is hanging with his robotics friends too lol. Any idea what type of movie?
No idea. She'll probably want to watch Tangled again
Probably crack out some bourbon, watch a few documentaries, and finish up with a good book.
Studying!
Uninstalled and Disabled Facebook... Let's see how long it lasts. Now I need someone else to do. Lol
some**one** or some**thing** :P
do you like crafting?
Maybe try r/streetphotografy when out to the store or just out and about.
What's your favorite movie color palette?
I love pink and teal. It's not really used a lot, but Drive does this pretty well.
How did you choose your flair on this subreddit?
I only recently found out you can put *words* in your flair as well!
White Russian. 
Dude?
Well.. It's the truth! Resident crazy yarn lady here!
guys. it's friday.
Play overwatch,Skyrim, and for honor all weekend after building robots!
How many languages can we talk to each in other in here?
Who is up for Hindi :-)
I can speak Japanese.
どうして日本語を勉強しましたか?
分かんないじゃ。チャレンジ好きから。俺はまだ苦手だけど日本に住んでいるから練習しなきゃいけない。
スゲいー！仕事から日本に行った?　いつから日本語勉強を始まります?
私の日本語が悪い 。すみません 。
Up for Russian and Ukrainian :3
privyet... kak dela? ))
Хэллоу, камрад
Товарищ is used, not comrade.
Шшщщ, я знаю
Don't know any Vietnamese, but I'll try
Năm Mới Vạn Sự Phát Tài !
Does anyone want to speak German or Dutch?
du bist ein apfel
Nein, bin ich nicht!
Nee joh, je bent een appel
Ik ben geen appel!
Woher kommst du?
Berlin, und du?
Ich komme aus Pittsbugh, in USA!
Te veel Duits in deze draad. Hier wat Nederlands om het wat pittiger te maken.
Ik ben een berlijner
Klar! Du kommst aus Berlin? Ich bin aus NRW, aber fast an der Grenze zu Niedersachsen.
Ah yea, I now remember learning the Ku character because birds go ku ku and it looks like a beak
Hey, I can speak Spanish and I'm learning German, I have my B1 test in 2 weeks.
Hey, podemos hablar en español oder auf deutsch, wie du willst. 
Buenos dias todos. Como va?
Que pachuca con toluca?
Estoy bien. Mirando Netflix.
Filipino, anyone? 
Mga kababayan nasaan na kayo huhubels 
Anyone up for Luxemburgish?
Leien am Bett an kann net schlofen, Reddit ass eng gudd Sach :)
Hebrew yo
你好， 我说中文!
春节快到了，你打算干啥？
打手槍
祝大家新年快樂！
What's that last word
Latin, anyone? 
I speak English. Who's down?
Org Malaysia atau Indo ada? 
Saya boleh cakap sikit Bahasa Melayu, selemat petang :)
Danish. SKÅÅÅÅL for satan da!
Duger Svenska för i helvete?
한국말?
Ja tror int at naan föstaar hitt!
העם אתה מבין עברית?
I do. and it's האם not העם. Shalom!!
It has been a while :(
It's ok to make mistakes! How did you learn Hebrew?
Egyptian arabic yo!
 ادى دقنى لو حد مصري غير انا هنا
Hallo jeder! Gibt es irgendwer wen Deutsch sprechen können?
Today I cried for no reason
Could be. There's always a flip side though. Period sex is awesome!
...what lmao
First item you purchased online
Probably a book for school, but that was almost 20 years ago, so I couldn't say for sure.
It generally happens to be a book for most people.
After 15 years of wanting it done, I just made an appointment to have my hair dyed purple next week!!
I had a purple fauxhawk in college
When ever I see that I think Tumblr-Army uniform. 
A woman that goes to the same hair salon as I do is in her 70's and had her hair dyed purple!
Next Friday (8 days from now) I will have teeth again. I will eat a burger and chips for dinner. I am so excited.
Chips would be my go-to. Otherwise though, I would want to eat a nice apple.
Oh! And a pear!
Yes! Do you like pickles? Those can have a nice crunch
Adding that to my list! The hot ones are my favorite!
There are hot pickles?
Doritos. Spicy Nacho Doritos. 
I miss those. Allergies stop me from eating those. I will make nachos instead.
What's in them that you are allergic to?  Just curious. 
I happen to be eating rice crackers right now. Those are pretty good
I now had my braces for 4 days. Hate it. Need to keep them 1 year/ 1 and a half year more
i'll tell you what i associate with your first name! 2.0
Gee
Matthew
Jake
Pia
Cute
What video games have you been playing?
Doom 2016.
Overwatch
I *should* be playing Life is Strange to get that done already.
Lately I've been playing Chrono Trigger.
I love that game!
It's been fantastic so far.
Pokemon Moon mostly, but I can't wait for Breath of the Wild.
Civ 6 and borderlands with the SO
I can't stop playing civ 6
I love playing pangea and winning a religious victory before anyone even gets musketmen.
BF4 and FIFA 17. I want to get BF1, but I'm not sure if it's with it.
Beyond good and evil.Trying the first deus ex.CS:GO and being salty as usual.
I just need someone to acknowledge my existence for like 5 minutes.
Hi.
Hello!
Hows things?
I'm lonely, so that sucks. I'm in college, that's awesome. I like cars, cars are good.  
Hallo! What's something pleasant you've done recently?
Seen any movies you liked recently?
Hey, are you in school right now? Working? Doing something else?
Full time student, part time detailer! 
Nice, what are you studying?
What book series have you fully completed reading?
Diary of a wimpy kid lmaooooo
Word Association Game
Wild
Forest
Leaves
Maple
Syrup
Trees
Bark
peppermint
Schnapps 
Liquor
Bottle
Jack
Rabbit
Cat
Food
Dessert
Cheesecake
Strawberry
Hunt
Arrow
Flash
Gordon
Acting
Stage
Fright
Startle 
Behind
you
Wise
Owl
Night
Dark
Spooky
ghost
Apparition 
Harry Potter
Wand
Death Eater
I have no idea what that is :D
Sorry lol it's more Harry Potter stuff
Ahh, yeah, I haven't read them ^sorry
Not even seen them? :0
Walrus
Teeth
Woohoo!
Roller Coaster
of loooove~
I am a high school teacher and I'm currently dating one of my former students! Is that weird to you or is it okay?
It's weird. You were once a person of authority in his life. 
Ha! My wife is a current person of authority in my life. 
Keyword: were. Should we all dwell on the past? Nope.
This. I don't see why we learn about history in school. Not my problem.
Is that always wrong? My cousin is married to his former employer. 
Was your cousin a minor when they worked for the former employer?
He was a fenus. 
...Fly trap?
No, a fenus that is a not born baby. 
Fetus
Which language(s) do you speak?
I speak Danish, English and German! I also understand some Croatian :D
What do you think, is Danish more familiar with Swedish or Norwegian?
I love you lot
I'm nothing special, but thanks.
First time with wifi on a plane and oh god is it glorious
We still hate you up there. ;) Where headed?
Ahh to be expected :P. Going to South Korea for the new year! :)
Hey! I used to live in SK!
Ooo cool! What for?
Oh my god. I'd happily just orbit the world for the rest of my life.
We're starting a band. What instrument do you want to play?
Funky bass
Any good band needs a good bus driver, so I call dibs to be the bus driver!
Surprised that no one has taken the guitar. Put me down for guitar. 
I'll also go for guitar - can't have a band without two of 'em!
Somebody's gotta make the posters, right?
I play a mean kazoo, sign me up!
Kazoo kid? Is that you?
I could only wish. Consider me more... a disciple of the one true Kazoo Kid.
Never underestimate the power of a queer guy with a tambourine 
Trumpet and/or Horn 
Which fast food restaurant has the best fries and why?
Checkers. No competition. 
Wendys!
Definitely, Steak-n-Shake cheese fries are the best
Dammit, Costco doesn't have a drive through. If not Costco the McDonald's 
I just took my first dose of hormones! I'm sooooo excited!
how old are you? 
Redditors, let's play a casual game!
Would  you rather play  bowling  with a 10 year old or a 90 year old? 
I feel like a 90 year old would be way more interesting. 
Dogs or cats?
What's your favorite cereal?
Who is your favorite superhero?
When did you first join reddit? 
What is your favorite type of music?
Country!
How many square feet is your house?
What is the thing you are most excited for in 2017?
Graduating! Going to Barcelona!
My 20th anniversary; our BIG trip to Great Britain; Our 17th Vegas trip.
I've always wanted to go to England.
I overcharged the vice president of the united states
I'm sure Vice President Pence would laugh at this now. He is a good Christian gentleman.
What's your go to feel good song?
Right now Funkytown and Heaven is a place on Earth.
History Maker, the Yuri!!! On Ice opening.
Just. So good. So happy.
The Commander by Kid Cudi lately
cooking by the book remix ft lil jon
please save me
What was the highlight of your weekend?
I had some glorious tamales last night for dinner. Pretty sad that that is the highlight. 
I personally prefer tafemales
I love this place, but it can't let me stay. I guess it's time to say goodbye.
As a native born American... take me with you? 
I want to know about your crush
Eh, I wish I didn't have one, but it's a beautiful thing.
Why are you annoyed today?
Nothing annoys me. I think I'm terminally chilled out. 
You need some stress in your life. Feel free to take some of mine
What was the strangest rule(s) your parents had when you were growing up?
Wasn't allowed to watch Simpsons 
What do you do that defies your stereotype?
Im Scottish and don't eat haggis for every meal.
I'm a security guard and I've only had one donut today.
Im Arab and I don't want to bomb anyone or anything 
I am interested in the lifestyle of the US or UK
I'm in college at the moment in the midwest US.
What would you like to know?
Remembering something you said and then cringing.
Welcome to the club.
Do I get some sort of card or certificate?
It's in the mail.
But. But how did you get my address?
They just send them to everyone in bulk.
It'll most likely arrive when you are trying to fall asleep.
To real
Good morning! What's your favorite song?
As of late, I've been digging Your Graduation by Modern Baseball.
12 days sice my last smoke
Those guilt dreams will help to reinforce your resolve to not smoke. All the best👍🏾
Any American awake right now?can we have a conversation?
I'm Canadian. Broadly speaking, that makes me American. Sup?
What's up?
hello. how you doing?
I showed up to a costume party dressed as a banana. Turns out it wasn't actually a costume party.
Damn. That's like something out of a sitcom. 
The larger the party the more appropriate a banana costume regardless of party theme. 
I'm a teenage boy going through annoying teenager problems and I could use some one whos already done it to talk to.
*So.....*
So?
HA! Noticed so used a bit in your post! :)
What are you watching on Netflix right now?
Always Sunny and Series of Unfortunate Events at the moment
Series of Unfortunate Events 
Black Mirror
The Office (US)
Parks and Rec
Andy Griffith show
Designated Survivor 
The Americans. Really interesting show about 2 russian sleeper agents.
They have The Americans on Netflix?
Yep. 3 seasons.
The OA 
Does it end up making sense?
Star Trek!
I still find it weird that guys can refer to both men and women.
hey you group of humans would also work.
/r/totallynotrobots 
Wait a second, robots don't say y'all
Do you ever worry about people finding your reddit account?
Everyone I know knows I smoke the devil's lettuce.  I got nothing to hide.
Nope, people know my account. Friends, my spouse, etc etc.
What's your deepest, darkest secret?
Whenever someone answers to one of my post, I immediately upvote their comments.
That's the courtesy upvote. The old guard here still does it.
Redditor for 9 years.. You earned my respect sir!
Ditto
If you loved Ghost as much as I love Ghost, you wouldn't throw that word around.  :P
Never saw it. Does this make me a bad person? 
No, but it is a good movie. Watch it with the wife. 
I do as well unless it's a non-contributing reply such as an insult or a really awful joke...
Let's test this!
1 Karma plz
Plz u welcum! +1
1 Gold plz?
Gold means Downvote in my language.
So 1 Downvote plz for you?
I'm tempted to say something really racist just so you'll upvote it now.
Try it!
Looks like I'm getting an upvote
No it doesn't look like you're getting an upvote. You ARE getting an upvote.
Yo what up
Testing your theory 
What if it's a negative response, you piece of shit?
Oh yeah? I bet you also give gold to people on occasion...
wink wink
Gold in my language means downvote. You still want Gold?
prove it
Probably won't fall asleep tonight so what's everyone's plan for their Friday or weekend?
Bad movie marathon and hanging with my family. 
Which movies? 
EXAMS
Pajama thread! What pajamas are you wearing to bed tonight?
Long t-shirt and short-shorts. Will inevitably wake up sweating and push all the blankets off. 
Any plans for Inauguration day or is it just going to be another day for you?
Oh, I am already drinking.
Ask me any question and I'll answer it as genuinely as possible, and then we swap positions.
I just looked at your post history. How many marijuanas have you had?
Beer of vodka mixed in tasty stuff?
Beer is good for the soul my friend
What is the worst thing you've done to someone, friend or otherwise
Tell me an unpopular opinion (but casual) that you have
Super Nintendo &gt; Any other gaming console
I don't like cheese. 
Not even cheddar?
Pineapples on pizza is good
You're an abomination to humanity. ^^^^/s
I'm sorry to hear that. Want some pineapples?
Depends, is it on pizza?
Of course it is silly goose
Sadist.
Degenerate.
Substitute chemistry teacher.
Wait what?
BOI, YOU HEARD ME.
Can you speak up?
What are you waiting for in the mail?
Currently waiting on two belated birthday gifts :)
A lot of sound proofing!
Musician or murderer?
Where are you right now?
Waiting for my first class to start. On Reddit because I'm bored and tired.
Which class? 
Basic Chem. Then I have a Data Analysis class an hour after.
Comp sci major? Also, which school?
At the bus stop. Class starts in five minutes. Woops. 
What are your favorite feel good, happy songs?
I want you back by the Jackson 5 
Yeah! I have this one in my happy songs of course! Thanks for the suggestion :D
Absolutely love this one :) 
Also love I Can't Help Myself by the Four Tops
I managed to survive a week of living alone
I lived in a studio apartment by myself for a year AMA
I have an interview for a coop job tomorrow. Really scared because I haven't prepared at all
That'll come in handy when you're 30 if you go to college.
Damn.
30 going to college? Kinda old don't you think?
iPhone users, or people who have predictive text on your keyboard, tap the next word that comes up 20 times and see what sentence it formulates
I don't know what to do with the fact that I am not sure if you are interested in the 
I don't know if you are a good thing or not a lot of people are you but you don't 
I'm a beautiful person. The only way to get the best thing is to be a good one. I'm not. 
OK that the way we were talking with him in his home his own life for me in your eyes
I love you so much fun and addicting but it is a great day to be a good day to 
I have to go now I have a hockey game of the time of the time of the time of 
You must be Canadian. 
What song is stuck in your head right now?
The Sound by The 1975.  
And just lyric, I know the sound of your heart. 
mmm their most recent album was really good. 
What is the saddest story you could write using only four words?
I am always alone. 
Yes, I got married
Everyone died.
The end.
Don't let them see.
He screamed! They saw.
He was a virgin
President Elect Donald Trump.
The saddest of all.
Even scarier, President Trump.
That's not sad, that's exciting. 
MAGA
yikes
Have some respect for your president :)
nah
Yes he is. Get over it. We accepted Obama. 
Literally not my president. I'm Swedish.
You lost the baby
Have you seen it?
Love was not enough
They turned to war.
Or she just left
You're right, too dark. 
Noooooo you did great :) Lol
The cake doesn't exist.
Tell me your favorite video game and Ill give you my brief synopsis of it.
Fallout: New Vegas.
Fallout New Vegas
Rainbow Six Siege
wednesdayyy
1. Bad day
2. Drink water
3. Nope
4. Idk. I don't drink coffee
5. no
cuz ya had a bad dayy
Im drunk :)
I'm not drunk but I'm drinking. It's whiskey time for this kid!
Does tequila make your clothes fall off?!
What's the story behind your username?
Tupac's pronunciation of .45 (as in the gun)
I love Tupac!
And Tupac loves you &lt;3
Jimi hendrix lyrics. I thought he was pretty cool in college. 
I love sushi rolls
Half of name + favorite movie reference = me!
I like cookies
Needed a name, didn't want to use any previous one. Just a random word in my mother tongue
*what is your mother tongue?*
MERKEL MERKEL KRANKENWAGEN
My first name/nickname is Car. Hence the beep-beep 
Need to take my mind off things.
awesome, i have a field trip tomorrow so i get to skip ALL MY CLASSES!!
I had a crappy day, work was too stressful and had too much greasy food for dinner.
Meh.
Today i went out of my way to get a chocolate donut and you know what it was worth it
TREAT YO SELF!
milk is my saviour
Calcium and strong bones will come your way
You should make sure to savor that doughnut :&gt;
Did you microwave it ?
That sounds fantastic but I didn't :&lt;
Darn it, I now want a donut too! 
Tell me your favorite movie and I'll tell you whether I've seen it or not.
I have many favorites but I'll just list one: Smoke Signals.
Big Fish
What are some musicians/bands that are generally considered good that you absolutely hate?
Most Kanye music and nearly all rap music but that's more hating a genre than a band.
What dont you like about rap?
The black people 
Eminem?
I immensely dislike skrillex and all this new-age bullshit. EDM is for weebs
Clearly you haven't heard any real EDM, sir
What packages are you expecting?
an engagement ring :)
Congratulations! Are you going to do the proposing? Has it already gone down? 
My last book that I need for the semester, which was finally in stock.
I've got Sonic Mania on pre-order
Isn't that supposed to come out in like a year? I **never** preorder. 
I refound God, guys!
I hope it's Dionysus
Which faith do you belong to?
My favorite band of all time is playing a concert three hours away from me in April...
I haven't been to see my favourite live and I fear it may be to late
What artist is it?
Subway has Swiss cheese, which is my second favorite kind.
Pepper jack is my favorite. They have that too. 
Give me a word, any word...
Glaikit
glaikit, as in foolish?
Aye
Guys... I finally met the right person, and it feels so good!
I'm so happy for you! 
I just want to talk about how literally absurd this job application is
Getting paid to Reddit? That's like every Redditors dream!
paging /u/gallowboob
When's the last time you talked to someone on the phone FOR HOURS?
It's been a LOOOOOONG time
I stayed on the phone with my girl for 3 days straight during the summer 
I left Canada determined to try something new. Last week I started a job in Amsterdam!
What part of Canada are you from?
I went to sleep on an air mattress and woke up on the floor. Why are you awake right now?
I'm awake because it's daytime right here ;)
My best friend in the world just asked me to be the best man in his wedding. I'm over the moon.
I'm so jealous. I doubt I'll ever be in your shoes.  Congrats man!!
Just don't eat his baby whenever his wife has one, kay? 
...........I definitely wouldn't do that. 
Lonely home alone, no friends to talk to. Anyone want to talk?
Sure :)
What's up? How's your life going?
Hey! What's up! I'm feeling awesome :) 
Not much I just got done working on my truck, you?
Oh nice! I'm just watching the office enjoying a drink laying on a massage pad 
It's my birthday!!!!!! Tell me some things that you want.
A girlfriend lol
You'll find someone. :)
What do you spend too much money on?
Food/groceries. Healthy eating is ridiculously expensive
What kind of watches and pens? I like both too... a little too much
I love parked vacumatics and am eyeing the milgauss next...
I have three kids.
Horrible investments jk
My PC, although I could probably spend a lot more.
weeeeeeeeeeed 
Yup. Growin it myself now
Mechanical keyboards ITS A HOBBY OKAY???
Shoutout to /r/MechanicalKeyboards 
I will not look so I don't get into it...
Energy drinks and protein bars. It's ridiculous and not that healthy but I am so addicted. 
I got accepted into University
What university? If you don't mind my asking.
Doesn't matter, got accepted. 
Well it kind of does..... some uni anyone can get in
What are you going to be studying? What kind of science?
Going to be studying Natural Sciences, specialising in physics 
Congratulations! That's the same course I did,  although probably not the same university 
Congrats!  What kind of scientist do you want to be?
What sort of scientist do you want to be and what degree will you be studying? 
We should rename Monterey Jack cheese American cheese to regain some of our national pride. The current holder of the name is not cheese and does not deserve the title.
American cheese is delicious tho
What do you do to feel better?
A cup of tea and an episode of Bob Ross!
Do you ever look back at your old self and feel like its not even the same person?
I just tripped really hard last night so absolutely lol
Just had the same thought today after thinking how I was 2 years ago.
Today I cried over the fact that my best friend feels the same
spoiler; everyone feels lonely at some point in their life. 
what part of the world are you in OP?
Hey good for you! If you feel like you want another friend, feel free to PM me anytime!
Beautiful weather out!
It's snowing here in Ireland, I'm am extremely happy. 
Pics? :D
Nope unfortunately I didn't and it just stopped snowing. 
Aww, maybe next time.
Yeah, it might not snow for the rest of the year.
Really? Do you not get snow often?
75 and sunny. 
Nothing today, but going to the beach tomorrow evening.
I've never been to the beach at night. Sounds lovely though!
It's -4°C (25°F) here in Vancouver today. It's nice and sunny though, so I love it!
I'm a little bit sad.
It happens more often than you think. 
I'm new on Reddit.
Turn back before it's too late!
best friend ignoring me for 2 days, angry as hell
A common feeling.
Not for me, I'm new on Reddit, there are no many Frenchs on Reddit (I'm french)
i had three today, first day with more than one. I must confess i blushed.
TFW you refresh every few minutes just to make sure... :/
Cheer up pal! How's your day going?
Today I had 26 notifications thanks to this topic!
Here is an orange envelope for you :)
Oh! An orange envelope!
Plum
Tart
Custard
Davis
Junior
Scrabble 
Letters
Postcards 
Stamps
Hungry
Thirsty
Cactus 
Juice
Carrot
Roger 
Commander
Squeak 
Mouse
Clean
Bleach
Chemical
Radioactive 
Radiation
Cockroach
Bug
Crawl
Bite
Fangs
Venom
Poison 
Type
Keyboard
Computer
Graphics
Animation
Animaniacs 
Humor
Joker 
Obscure 
Sneak
Assassin 
Annually
Year
Birthday
Part-ay!
Awkward
Gangly
Void
Blank
Balance
Acrobatics
Precision
Point
Trajectory
Bullet
Sunshine
Warmth
Cozy
Tea
Cup
Glass
Window
Flowers
Magnify 
Zoom
Speedy
Superhero
Super Powers
Advantage
Ahead
Road
Path
Pedestrian 
Regular
Normal
Orange
Citrus
Delicious
Cake
Frosting
Sugar
Candy
Lollipop
Cavity
Potato 
Soup
Mushroom 
Magic ^XD
LSD
Trip
Train
Practice
Theory
Life
Death
Sad
Tear
Salt
Ice
Cream
Smooth
Floor
Hardwood
Socks
Toes
Digits
Clock
Time
Space
Portal
Dimension 
Concept
Imagine
Brain
Pink
Gay
Rainbow
Airstrike
Panther
Slick
Shiny
Warp
Again
Frank-n-further ^XD
Holocaust
War
Trauma
Are there things you just genuinely can't understand in others?
Smoking. With all we know, why on earth would someone start now? 
I'll ask you up to 15 questions, just ask for how many you want!
13 seeming it's the 13th tommorow.
I feel kind of bummed no one likes my tattoo so I wanted to share it here and answer questions NSFW
Girl im really close with got 1 similar to this in the exact same spot. I enjoy looking at it
I'm going to eat meat tomorrow for the first time in 4 years
I was a vegetarian for 7 years and ended up giving it up for Chinese food. Haha. 
How was it? The Chinese food, or I guess, that first re-experience after 7 years
My stomach got really upset but that was about it. 
And now? Regular carnivorous activities?
You should get yourself a steak. Fuck mcdonalds. 
Mc is cheaper tho 
CC is so friggin cool, I wanna find RL friends here! But...
2:11am here. Usually I'd still be at work but I'm on workers comp. 
What's that?
I absolutely hate when I have to have serious conversation through text.
Really not even a fan of text conversations so well even more if it's a serious conversation.
I fuckin hate emojis but I use them anyways 👌🔥🔥💯💯🔥🔥👌
The fire emoji is one of the few in my regular rotation.  🔥🤙🏻🌊 are all you need really.
💁
What's a small thing you've achieved that made you really proud of yourself?
I actually slept in for once lol
What makes you immediately interested in a person?
Don't be boring. I find a lot of people boring.
A good sense in humor!
To fish were in a tank. One turned to the other and asked 'How do you drive this thing'?
Someone finally noticed me!
My man! Was in your same shoes but got to know some really nice ever since 2017 began haha
How are you?
i'm doing okay, I'm currently looking for another job at the moment. 
I hope you what you want/need!
Let's make a Spotify playlist together!
Dangerous by Big Data
Fever (Aye Aye) by Deathgrips
I've Seen Footage - Death Grips
Do you pee in the shower?
I only pee in the shower when I'm alone. 
Really? I would've thought you'd pee on your wife when she's in there with you... 
I've done that, but it turned weird. 
I got slapped.
What did she say when you peed on her? 
There are two kinds of people in the world.
People who pee in the shower, and liars....
Agreed.
I do something even crazier. I pee in the shower and brush my teeth in it. It saves time.
Let's play a game?
🚙🚗🚙🚙🏎🚗🏎🚙🚕🏎🚙🚕🏎🚗🚙🚗🏎🚗🚕🚗🏎🚗🚕🏎🚙🚗🏎
Cars? :D
Good job!
🌲🌳📚
The Jungle Book? That one took me a little bit XD
🎈🏠
Up! 
Doug is my favorite!
❄️
👸🏿 🐸
🌴🏝⛵🚣🌊
I Have To Say I Honestly Don't Know Yours 
Couldn't find all the ones I wanted, but u was trying to get Moana
👉🏾👻👫
(This one takes some work to put together)
Casper?
I was going for Pocahontas (poke + haunt + us), but yeah, this one was a stretch :p
👡👑
Cinderella?
🔍🐠
Finding Nemo!
❄️⬜️🎅🏻🎅🏻🎅🏻🎅🏻🎅🏻🎅🏻🎅🏻
I have a snowflake and Santa Claus  (my emojis are weird sometimes) 
The Santa Claus? 
You don't see the white square between the snowflake and the other dudes?
🐜🐜🐜
👟  🌱 🌌
I'm 38 years old and starting my first day of school for Nursing today. Been a stay-at-home mom all my life up until this point, but an impending divorce is causing me to embark on a career to eventually support myself. I'm excited and scared out of my wits - wish me luck Reddit!
WOOOO OP can give us free healthcare
I might just do that - but only for my fellow redditors.  There's only a few of you, right?
On a side-note, I like how you check your yoga pants for quality!
why the hell does he like me?
Maybe he's a serial killer and you're his 'type'
What part of the world are you from, and what is it like?
Would you prefer where I grew up or where I live now? 
Just anything you'd like to share
Do you like the snow? I absolutely love it
I have never seen snow, and I'd love to see sometimes, I'm sure I'll love it 
Aww man that sucks! Where do you live, if I can ask?
Where the heck you from?
Uruguay
I like dark blue! It reminds me of the ocean
Oh I love that shade of blue too, I live the ocean and swimming too 
Apparently we are at war!
I knew that truth or dare was a bad idea...
Now I can say I was here for the Great Grilled Cheese War of 2017.
Cool. My mom said she'll make us some snacks while we prepare for war
Alright! To the battle stations!
You're being held hostage, and will be released under one condition.
Sadly, All Star by Smash Mouth is the one I'm most confident in remembering completely.
I'm a 56 year old man and I'm getting married for the first time in April to my lovely girlfriend who is 33 years old! I'm excited and yet so nervous!
How long have you two been together?
We've been together for five years!
Does she have a sister?
Nope. 
Damn. :(
Congratulations none the less.
Thank you! 
I thought the rule was half your age plus seven.
What is your life plan for the next 2-5 years?
- Graduate in June. 
- Panic. 
Wish I knew. 
Either a dietician or dead, not sure yet.
Complete my accounting degree, find a job in public accounting, become a CPA. 
Men, are you aware of how attractive you look in suits
I'm definitely in the minority.  I hate wearing suits and I think they're ugly as sin. 
Can we make everything in this thread rhyme?
I'm eating breakfast pastry,
At the same time, trying to study
for a test next week.
A B C
1 2 3
Do Re Mi
Seinfeld was a bee
You're rhymes show class,
 But tell me: do you like jazz?
My rhyme was ass :(
I do like Jazz!
Is there snow right now in your hometown?
No, and I doubt there ever will be. :(
[Continued] I have a few hours to waste, I will draw very sub-par 30 second drawings in the mean time. Hit me with it.
Can you draw a stereotypical American?
Go Pack Go! :) 
Do you ever have conversations with people in your head?
Always. Sadly they sometimes talk back
Wat
I was implying schizophrenia 
Oh sorry that sounds serious. Nice to meet you. 
Sometimes I imagine myself having a conversation with a time traveler.
Yes, especially if its a person I like.
Like in general or like as in have a crush on?
Crush.
[Possibly NSFW] Does anybody want to play a game of truth or dare?
I'll kick it off: I pick dare
I dare you to use Hanzo in a competitive Overwatch match
I don't play Overwatch... yet. So one day, in the future, I'll give this a go
What do you game on?
Is it true that you're addicted to Reddit? 
Yes, very true.
You're not alone :(
Hey, but Reddit's awesome, right? :)
Undoubtedly!
Yay, fun! 
I pick truth. 
What's the craziest thing you've ever done?
Do you wipe sitting down or standing?
Truthhhh. 
Did you pick truth because you were too afraid to pick dare?
I'll take truth
What's one popular thing you just don't get? 
Can I only pick one? Erm, beats headphones. 
Same here. You pay for the brand, not the quality of the audio. 
Pineapple on pizza: Yay or nay?
If its got bacon on it 100% yay.
If not, its blasphemy. 
this seem like a good idea.  truth
What is one unusual thing you find attractive? 
Too many truthers around here ima go with dare
Take off one item of clothing and go outside. Stay there for a minute and report back
Took off my pants and went on the balcony. It was covered in snow and now my feet are cold.
I hear you're supposed to say a few truths before going for the dare. So truth.
What's your most embarrassing secret?
Tell us about an embarrassing thing you did that one time.
Told a girl right to her face that I'd Fuck her my friends still remind me about it....
Dare
Go eat a hotdog
I'm going for the dare, but now is late so wait until tomorrow for the response.
Would you rather have amazing sex that lasts 30 seconds or average sex that lasts 10 minutes?
I'm not OP, but I'd say amazing for 30 seconds. Amazing sex is hard to come by.
But easy to cum by. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Dair
Seductively eat the nearest food item
If a tub of assorted nuts could possess feelings, I just made a cashew very happy. 
Who did you vote for in the election four years ago?
Worst thing you have hid from your parents
You get two! 
Why did you choose your Reddit username? 
How many people know it IRL? 
Dare! 
Make the person closest to you tell you to shut up without making any noise. 
I take Truth as well. :)
Sure, Truth me lads
Truth for me! 
If you told your mother your worst secret, how would she react?
She would probably laugh actually.... 
Not obliged to answer: What is that secret? 
truth yo
What's the best German joke you know?
Austria.
What's your dream country to travel to? 
This is tough. Perhaps Greenland.
Which celebrity would you enjoy having a scotch and cigar with and discuss the world? 
Would you 69 with James Franco? 
As much as I want to say yes for the story, would be hard to do since we both have penises
Ah the good ol L7
What's your best asset? 
Dare but you will have to wait tomorrow, as I'm already in my bed.
worst thing you have ever done to a pet.
When is the last time you told someone you loved them?
New Year's Eve.
Cool. Just curious, was it your SO? Makes sense for NYE
Worst and best game you ever played? 
Truth for me too please :)
I choose truth.
Who would win in a fight between you and your SO?  
If no SO, your crush/best friend.
What do you like about Donald Trump ?
Im game, truth.
Weed or alcohol?
Truth! Let's go
Can I still join the bandwagon and pick truth? :D 
not too late am I?
Truth! (cos I'm a wuss)
Moar truths please! 
What's the most unpopular opinion you have?
Unpopular on reddit or unpopular to the general public?
hmm, lets make this interesting. Unpopular on reddit.
I don't like dank memes
Truth! :D
Pourrais-tu embrasser ton père si cela te ferait gagner 10,000 dollars ? 
I'll take truth.
i'll pick truth
secret fetish?
Pegging 
TRUTH
something no one knows about you 
I'll take truth for 500, Alex.
You like bread?
I pick... Truth!
Those nights you just can't seem to fall asleep...what keeps you up?
Truth me, come one come all. 
Would you trade 10 years of your life for a super-power of your choice?
Truth! 
I pick truth and don't hold back
Tenacious Pee? I have to ask...story behind it?
I like Tenacious D so I thought Pee would be funny. Nothing more or less im afraid.
Fair enough, funny is important! Your turn
What's the story to yours?
Truth, if you'd please.
Why's something you've never told anyone before?
I can't really think of anything... except that I used to be a pagan. :p
That's kind of cool, what are you now?
Atheist. To be fair, I never was really practicing, but it's never something I told anyone. :p
Truth please 
Truth, please. Thanks.
Dare. Try meh
Truth :)
Ooh ooh if anyone is still around here I'll take a truth! 
Sorry for being cowardly, but I'd like a truth if anyone is lurking around the new section.
Do you have any phobias, if so what are they?
Are we still playing? If so, I'll pick truth
Truth pls
What is your kink?
Hmmm, rough stuff, like leaving marks rough, I like to feel bruised the next day.
Oof. I like you. 
I like me too, truth again
Truth 
If you could change one thing about your life, what would it be?
**Truth**
truth?
I'll take truth, but nothing too personal please.
I guess I'll hang with the other latecomers- truth me
Dare. Note that it's 10 PM and dark outside.
Moon the window.
I would but my dad is on the couch and my mom and brother are both awake.
Sometime this week, wake up up early and make your parents breakfast in bed
I'll play if it's not too late, truth!!
If we're still going, truth!
If this is still going I'd like to say dare
Go for a job tomorrow morning!
Sophomore in high school with too many sports and classes to keep up with a job sorry
I meant jog, sorry :/
Actually kinda feel bad about that typo. 
Oh ok I will if I remember but I can't guarantee I will
Hit me with a truth.
What is something you are way too old for but do anyways? 
Gimme a nice cold truth
Please dare me anything!!
Send a picture of a platypus to one of your friends with no context or explanation.
What's the worst pick up line you've ever heard?
Truth. 
Fight an army of duck sized horses or one horse sized duck?
I think I can outrun a big duck chasing me.  
Truth please 😆
A bit late, but hmu with dat truth
If you could travel to one place for free where would you go?
Well I think it'd be Denmark. I used to live there, and I'd really like to go back.
When did you move away?
About 3.5 years ago. Mom died, Dad remarried, and moved to the USA.
gimme a dare
Get banned from a subreddit and post proof
I'll take a Truth.
What is one thing you find interesting that not many people know about?
Q-Tips were originally called Baby Gays.
Truth or Dare?
Not sure what I'm getting myself into here, but I choose Truth.
Truth because I'm a babyyyy
Dare me brah
Truth I suppose
Truth please!
Is there a part of your personality or an interest that you hide from those around you?
Hit me with a truth
Eat a large spoonful of a combination of your choice of condiments. 
I'll try a truth if anyone is still here
Would you throw a newborn kitten into a pool of alligators for 100 bucks cash?
100 isn't enough for that. I would need quite a bit more than that.
Is this still goin? Truth for sure!!
I PICK DARE.
If anyone's still here....dare?
I dare you to drink an entire glass of water.
Done!
You did the thing!
I'll gladly take a truth or dare from you.
Why did you steal your boyfriend's brain?
Because he'd let me roleplay with him!
Truth or dare?
If there's still any activity, lemme get a dare. ay
What the hell, Truth.
What was your first crush like?
Is this thing still going?  Anyone want to truth me?
Which President would you hook up with if you had to?
Are we still doing this?
Text your crush and ask her out.
Post a picture of yourself in as little clothing as possible
I pick truth!
Truth yo!
Would you rather have a cayenne pepper flavored toothpaste or peppermint flavored salsa?
The toothpaste for sure, you'd spice up your day every morning!
Truth?
Truth because I'm too tired to do a dare. 
Truth me!
Worst you've ever been embarrassed by a family member.
truth 
Wow, this got a lot of responses... No one replied last thread in this sub... Truth 
Dare!
Send your mom a dick pick
If people are still playing, I'm down for truths.
This is my last one for the night. Biggest regret?
Oh snap, is it too late? I'll take dare for 100.
Eat a teaspoon of cinnamon. No water.
Can I get some truth up in here
Why not pick a dare?
I'll go either, you tell me Truth or Dare and I'll do it. 
When was the last time you talked to any of your family?
Hmm...I like this game.
I'll take dare.
Truth me babby
Let's have a go then, truth.
What was the last thing you stole?
if you could go to NYC Comic con for free, but it had to be in drag, would you go?
depends. How drag-y?
Dare me, go on, I dare you
Put up a selfie on /r/roastme
Hahahahahaha alright 
I'll choose a truth!
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Dare me motherfucker. I may end up regretting this but oh well. 
Do a handstand
I'm feeling courageous. Dare.
Post a screenshot of your internet history
Would you suck your dad's dick for a million bucks?
How long is your penis/how wide is your butthole?
5.5-6, honestly I wouldn't know how to measure my butthole
This still going on? Dare!
Leave a banana in front of your neighbors door and take a picture of it
Don't know if the thread is still active, but I'm picking truth! 
Lets go dare!!
I dare you to kill 7 1/2 people
Dared truth, pls
tell us your darkest sexual fantasy. that's a daring truth if i ever saw one.
Alright lets do truth!
Looks like I might be too late, but I'd do a truth.
what question do you secretly wish that someone asks you? 
I'll try. dare.
If you were given a clone, just showed up at your door, what would you do? 
Hit me with a dare yo
I dare you to breath!
Did you just blink?
Eh i am bored. Give me a dare
Is this still going??
Can I help you with anything?
I'm just looking, thanks
I just wanna talk to someone. 
Hello there, do you know how the crazy sharks became normal again? 
The wat? 
I recently got a ps4, what games do you recommend? 
Not much of a gamer but Overwatch is awesome. 
I'm lonely. Please chat with me.
Hey
Can you help me find a girl to ask out?
Well then I guess we need to help each other lol. 
Oh boy.
How can I help?
What would you ask from a genie that has offered you one wish?
What are the limitations of the wish?
Eliminate debt.
World peace without sacrificing individual freedoms.
What are your guilty pleasures in music?
I still listen to some crappy crabcore from time to time.
Seal - kiss from a rose 
Is my SHIT 
 
How many of you actually meet friends on reddit?
I tried it, but they ended up not replying after a while... 
It is what it is, I suppose. 
why is it do hard :(
Wanna know what else is so hard right now?
maybe ;)
Never tried that. Don't even have a friend here :(
I'll be your friend bae. &lt;3
Is this a joke? Are you being serious?
Of course I am!
OMG. Yes! Let's be friends!
Yay!
How do we do that?
Uhhhh get to know each other?
We're bad at this. Haha.
Where are you from?
We really are. :(
USA, California. You?
Also California. :D
Hey! Nice to meet you fellow Californian!
Right on! What part are you in? I'm in Bakersfield. 
Don't judge me.
Los Angeles ✌🏼️
Judge you for what?
Being from Bakersfield. Man we're just a couple hours away from each other! Small world, buddy.
Hey! That's cool! (We're so bad at this 😂)
Do you have Kik?
I made the mistake of publicly posting a selfie on Imgur
*Complains internet people suck. To internet people.*
To be fair, this is CC, we're special internet people. 
Word up homie
*That's sad... I bet you actually look very beautiful, OP!*
Aw thank you 
It's snowing here!
I just checked the news, it's going to be -57 next week...
I have a few hours to waste, I will draw very sub-par 30 second drawings in the mean time. Hit me with it.
How about a spider with 8 monocles. 
Oh this is great.
Please draw Donald Trump arguing against Phoenix Wright
What's on Your Bucketlist?
Visit every MLB ballpark 
A huge cockroach just crawled over my leg.......
Welp, time to burn the building down.
It's the whole apartment building! Lol
Banned from a subreddit for the first time :(
I got banned from circlejerk for 3 months for derailing a thread.
Pineapple
Spongebob
Beach
Sand
Shells
Jewellery
Glint
Rupert  (ok i misread it at first but i'm rolling with this)
Bear
Teddy
Soft
Cotton
Cane
Wood
Log
Chop
Knife
Blade
Runner
Shoes
Feet
Wiggle
Bum
Hole
Worms
Islands.
Palm Trees
express
track
Reign
King
Chess
Checkmate
Winner
Trophy
Gold
Finger
Ring
Gem
Emerald 
Green
Eyes
Lashes
Notes
Love
Heart
Broken
Faulty
Dynasty.
Ducks ^(ugg)
Nintendo
Gameboy ^(I'm old)
Tetris
Russia
Bears
Picnic
Sandwiches
Ham
Cheese
Wine
France
Eiffel Tower
Tourists
Tortoise 
Galapagos Islands
Finches!
Canaries
Song
Africa by Toto
Ugg change it!
Conflict
Resolution
High Definition
Documentary 
Supersize Me
French Fries
Mayonnaise 
Deviled eggs
The Devil Wears Prada
Runway
WestJet
Canadian!
Poutine
Gravy 
Spotting
storm
Lightening 
thunder
Marsh
West  (there's a place where i live called West Marsh)
Sun set
Sky
Cloud
Rain
Purple
Drop
Smash
Fists
Punch
Fight
Boxing
Gloves
Mittens
Kittens
CUTIE MCTOOTIES
Smooshy face!
Squishy pie
Cricket (two Australian brothers who are occasionally in the Australian side are named Marsh)
Mallet 
Meat
Steak
Beef
Cow
Grass
Spring
2017!
R.I.P.
Coffin
Weezing. 
Team Rocket
Fire
Fruit Salad
Whipped Cream
Antidisestablishmentarianism 
Politics
Religion
Flying Spaghetti Monster
Italy
Coliseum
Gladiator. 
Dead
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Disney!
What's your go-to for depression relief?
Netfix and music. Also cuddling with my kitty 
Stayed home from school today
I had to go, I'm the teacher.  I had a new kid start today so that was fun.  
What grade/subject?
I rapped in front of more than 50 people yesterday!
I read that title completely wrong.  I'm very glad that you're OK.
I think we are all very happy OP wasn't raped in front of more than 50 people
Or fapped
At least that would be a choice. 
I'm sure they could find some way to fap you against your will
Anyone else sick and lonely today?
Just lonely! Oh wait..
Not sick, but just lonely.
I have no classes tomorrow so I get to enjoy extra sleeping
I stayed in today. How are you feeling?
All right, not too bad, don't want to go back to school tomorrow
Me neither, not excited for that.
Oh well, gotta do what I gotta do
Yeah, same here.
What are you studying?
I'm still in HS
Guys guess what!!
Congrats, How did it occur?
Not a big deal.
It is to me, no need to be a dick.
Dude get it. I'm still waiting lmao
Aw shit,  I had money riding on chicken butt 
better pay up
Can you guess why?
Cow pie.
But who?
Sheep poo.
When?
Never
Does on the cheek count? CAUSE I HAD ONE TOO :D
FUCK YEAH CONGRATZ
YAAAAY!!! How was it?
Thank you! It was amazing.
How old are you? I was 25 when I had my first kiss.
Me I never had my first kiss, I'm 13 x)
Yeah but you're 13, so. Duh. Literally like, nobody at your age has. 
You would be suprised by what the 13 year olds have done in this generation...
How many of them do you think are lying about what they've done though?
Ehh, I'm 14 and it isn't happening anytime soon. Not a big deal though.
I was dumb, why I said this? x)
I had my first kiss at 4 year old ^^
I too was 25
This whole thread is like r/wholesomememes
This whole subreddit is like r/wholesomemes. Thats why i post here in the first place.
I had mine at 17 I used to get so much shit for it
17? Try 24.
That made me excited haha.
Here's to your second one!
haha, well it already happened actually!
Playing skyrim right now, who wants to talk about it?
Great game 10/10 would khajiit again
Only if we're talking about how it belongs to the Nords. 
You picked a bad time to get lost, friend 
I'm having a minor argument, and my question got deleted from ask reddit.
After everytime I use it.
Every day, unless I do something messy/sweaty or unusually dressy. 
This is exactly what I said. You helped me win the argument. Not that she'd admit that.
People can change their socks as often as they want to, IMHO.  Not really worth arguing about. 
It's all in good fun.
How often does she change her socks?
I also would like to know this.
2-3 days, unless it gets smelly sooner.
Don't leave us hanging dude
Whenever the sick starts to smell. Which is usually every couple of days.
I told you that was weird. Also, now I know your reddit account.
Once they begin to smell, usually every 3 days or so.
Yum!
I do this weird thing in video games, curious if I'm alone.
I never once thought of it this way! That's hilarious!
I can't imagine this... maybe I have a hero complex though.
Give me a prompt and I'll attempt to sketch it!
The cast of The Office as cats.
Vent Megathread - Scream, yell or rant about anything that is on your mind.
I dont like pop tarts
What about danishes?
Hey guys, I've been in a bad mood all day and I'm looking to get my mind off of some stuff. Anybody want to chat?
Listening to tunes and fucking around on some music software.
Whatcha listening to?  What software do you use? 
Alex the creator - ifhy
And
Fl Studio
Alex The Creator? Not Tyler?  
Nice, I've messed around with FL Studio a bit too.
I slept at 5AM and just woke up at 3PM lol wtf
I have an email doppelganger
[removed]
Guys lets start a cult
Rule #1 of /r/casual conversation: never talk about /r/casualconversation
I swear I don't have two personalities. That other guy in my head though? Fuckin insane.
I'll bring the snacks
I'll make sure none of them remain!
I'll bring the sex toys
Ah, my flair is appropriate for a change.
Its settled then. u/AntaresNull is our god.
Bow down, mortals.
I would but I have a bad knee. 
We are one mind, one body
Nice flair. I like it.
Are you now accepting callers for those beautiful pendant keychains?
DUDE
When you guys see those people with the PM_me... usernames, do you actually send them stuff?
I used to, but Undertale references have died off in recent months.
So there were a lot of undertale usernames?
I PMed my gloves to PM_ME_YOUR_GLOVES once.
A picture of your gloves or the word gloves?
I have once or twice in the past. It can be a fun time.
Yes, the people have been pretty nice so far
Not getting a mailbox full of abuse is the main thing. How many have you sent so far?
Four so far
Boobs
Beard
Advice
Determination
I did a couple times, but none ever responded.
I get stuff pretty often if I comment or post.
I've only had one person PM me :( 
Was it boba fett though?
What are your new years' resolutions?
To gain weight
That's a new one. Eating disorder?
You've already heard mine :P
Given the time it is now, no one will probably see this but I'M GOING TO BE A DADDY!!!
Just gone 2pm here in England, so someone saw it. Congratulations sir.
Same, Ireland here!
Hej, tillykke fra denmak!
I just got off a 14 hour flight back from England
T'WAS HELL
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hehehehe that means you had SEX!
Teehee 😊
do the emoji pasta about daddy and his cummies!!!
NOOOO!!! 😵
why?
It's inappropriate 😕
who cares 😒
Eh. Okay. 🚶🚪
Hey do something funny 
No. 😒
Or else😇😲😢😭👹😵👳🙏🔫
I'll pull it for you  😁
Ok where do u live
I want to die after reading that
Why? It's funny 
It felt real good when I did the sex with my penis 
A girl let me do it, it literally just happened. 
Congratulations! Do you know if it's going to be a girl/boy?
Congrats! /R/daddit is awesome
And /r/predaddit 
You can tell Mom about r/babybumps and r/beyondthebump too. They're really supportive :)
I'm so sorry. My condolences
Congrats on your sex trophy!
Also, congratulate him on not pulling out.
You understand timezones, right? It was between two and three pm here when you posted this.
Congrrraaaatttssss!!!!!! When is your SO due? 
Thanks! We worked it out and we reckon it's around beginning of September 
Nice! But lots of 0 to 3 fleecy pjs
#Hi Mr. Going To Be a Dad, I'm fraud_93.
Literally looked through all the comments looking for this one. Thanks for bolding it xD
You know, next time you could use ctrl+f after expanding all the comments...
0.0 
Talk to me about anything
Tell me, James Harden, why are you the man? 
This has been the wildest year of my life. 
Damn. Today must have been pretty crazy. What happened?
God damn it I forgot about that lol 
Haha so what happened last year?
2017 already started swell. My shy cat fell asleep cuddling me.
That is really cute.
I know! It was so unexpected and sweet, welcome 2017!
How are you doing?
I'm good, thank you!
I found $10 on a walk to Krispy Kreme yesterday. 
Free donuts! 
I weighed myself last night. I weigh 300 pounds.
Good part is: you know you can do it. Which is a great start! 
It's New Years! What do you want to happen by January 31, 2017?
At least having already said HEY to the cute girl in church 
Imma be more ambitious and gonna get a date a cute girl :)
WHOA
DO..DO YOU THINK I COULD ACHIEVE THAT?
Of course :)
WOOOOOOOOOIO
Just gotta talk to her :)
Anyone else spend the first day of the new year hungover in bed?
I spent most of today in bed, but not hungover, just very tired and a bit ill.
Nope I spent new year's day hungover at work. I have an hour to go!
nope, but im about to spend the second day like that if all goes according to plan!
Have you ever wanted to delete everything and leave the internet?
Yeah, I kinda wish I was dead.
You okay?
Let's discuss our favourite YouTubers.
I have too many to name but one of my favorites has to be h3h3 productions.
Filthy frank, dunkey, h3h3. I have a ton of people I'm soft on but I fuking love those three
/u/MisterDrProf, give them your sources.
I'm in a fight with my boyfriend and I am very upset
Try peeling an orange
Dr. Fraiser Crane 2.0 over here.
Do happen to like adventure time?
I'm sitting here, smiling, &amp; waiting to be married today.
Well that's great news. Ill just be at home relaxing all day
Sounds awesome!  We'll be doing that a few days from now.
Now that is what we call an achievement unlocked! Enjoy your big day and have fun!:D
aw awesome!
Thank you!
Congratz! Funny enough i'm attending a wedding today myself. 
Congrats to you as well!  What state is yours in?
In Virginia. 
Congratulations!! I've been chilling and playing video games all day. (: 
Does anybody else just love to take a bus home from a big city in the evening when it's dark and it's raining and seeing all the neon signs and billboards and cars passing by?
Taking the bus when it's raining is probably one of the worst decisions you could ever take. 
Bud Light has arrived in the UK
It's popular because it's one of the cheapest beers
What are you guys doing this weekend?
Nothing really. Checking out a few tattoo shops and that's about it. 
Weekend Chit Chat - Time to sit back, grab a cup of coffee, relax and chat about anything really.
1. not really
2. was okay,but now it's pretty crap
im just so super lonely today,
I personally feel books are best adapted in a mini series vs movies.
Divergent would have been so much better this way too
Weekend is almost here! What do you guys have planned?
Work. I work on the weekends 😂😂
Lol where do you work? 
At an Amazon warehouse. We're the package's last stop before they go out.
Oh nice! I think an Amazon warehouse just came to our city 
Man they work us to death 😩
Yay, that's nice. I'm sick so I'll have to rest, but I have to study too. Sigh.
how did you meet your gf/bf?
In a bar, had been stood up by my online date and he bought me a drink, that was 3 years ago :)
lucky you!
I didn't fancy him at first either I was just depressed and liked his accent 😂
I very briefly dated one of his younger brothers and was introduced to him.
his mom ^sort ^of introduced us 
Sorry I'm just a loser
youre my loser
and you are mine
Today my family found out that we can legally immigrate to the USA, only problem is that 2 of my sisters can't come
Where in the US would your family consider immigrating?
We arent even close to that step yet, we don't even know if we are going to go :/
New England is nice. I've heard of very little racism towards middle easterners.
Welcome by any means but have you checked out any European countries (or Canada)? 
How does everyone know OP is middle eastern?
What do you guys do for a living, or what do you study?
I am a Software Tester. I like to push buttons.
Senior studying criminal justice/criminology. 
Nice! Do you love it?
Currently in a in-between job, but in July I'm off to be a scuba instructor! 
I quit my shitty job at subway on impulse, somehow landed my dream job at a flower shop. never been happier to go to work.
From Sandwich artist to floral designer. Well done :)
install credit karma
what's that
😁😁😁
??
😰u scaring me 😰
what? how am I scaring you?
just kidding. 😡😡😡 im ANGRY. GRRRR 
I imagine people buying flowers are happier than hungry people wanting food.
I agree. Fuck jayce.
Favorite Non-Word?
Yee for yes is my most used
Y'all. If that counts. And Noice reminds me of that Key and Peele sketch
Y'all'd've is my favorite abomination of a word
Even better: All y'all
Yes! I use that sometimes
What song have you got in your head today?
65daysofstatic - Heat Death Infinity Splitter
Do you apologise too much?
You spelled apologize wrong.  Apologize this instance!
I'm at work. Please keep me company! Very bored.
I'll only be on for 10 minutes tho.
Why so short?
Classes.
Got to get back to doing it.
Hey dude
Hello how are you doing today?
I am doing, wbu? Ho are you doing ?
What was the last non-fiction book you read and really enjoyed?
A book about myths and legends native to the UK. It was cool.
a short history of nearly everything
What's your mood like right now?
Tired. Defeated. I desperately need motivation.
Stressed like crazy. Wednesdays are the worst, and I feel so unprepared and overworked. 
I'm feeling pretty gloomy and bored, kinda wishing I had some folks to hang out with! 
Hey it's me ur friend
Hello friend, how are you? 
i'm lonely :(
How is everyone today?
I feel great! I've been conversing with an Aspergers patient on Reddit. You learn a lot.
Hello Reddit.
Account age is 2 years, this post is a little late.
I'm trying.... =)
Well, welcome either way!  
  
Get out while you still can.
Can't...like a moth to a flame. I'm thinking I'll like it here.
I called in sick today, but I'm not really sick.
Hope nobody sees/notices your username from work.
I dodged a bullet yesterday.
was no one using protection during chlamydia fest 2017? 
Have these people heard of condoms?
According to google, you can have it through oral sex too
Condoms can be used for oral sex, too.
What are you watching right now?
NCAA championship game, sucked at first but has gotten way better
Never been a fan of any sports. Who do you think will win? 
North Carolina just won, had a clutch defensive play...it never too late haha
The Yu-Gi-Oh abridged series on YouTube.
Abridged?!? Noooooo 
All This And Heaven Too. 
What's your favorite accent to hear?
Irish ferrrr me!
What's Something You're Obsessed With Right Now?
Zelda
Tarot cards. I want to learn. Do you believe in this?
Not really, but try to make me believe!
I hate socks
The question is not if you use socks with shoes, but do you use socks with sandals? 
Girl smiled at me today
Bro, she was looking at somone behind you. Did you check your 6? /s 
At what age did you first fall in love?
Never been.
:O
13 and almost 8 years later, we're still together
how is everyone's day going?
I was groped. It was a friendly grope though.
What's your type?
Bad bitches is the only thing that I like
Shyness.
Um ...hi
Hey. I'm sorry, I'm too shy.
Same, tbh.
What are you listening to right now?!
Kendrick, Joey Bada$$, Mastodon, Raekwon, Def Leppard
You must be excited for the 7th 
Lil Debbie.
I can't get Karma Chameleon out of my head!
and now neither can I.
Sorry OP!
HUMBLE
Flume
I'm skimming through, and I'm super intrigued by these remixes.
Modern Baseball dude. If you're into punk/more indie music this is definitely a band for you
Happy by Marina and the Diamonds! 
Why do some people enjoy driving?
Drive a small, sport car with manual or F1 gear and you'll understand the joys of driving.
Ask me anything, talk to me about anything!
I'm so stuffed I think my belly is going to burst. I ate too much :(.
Pretty good I went to the movies today.
Oh, yay! What movie did you watch?
The Power Rangers movie 
If I ask you a question will you reply?
If you ask within 20 minutes.
Why not 21?
Ask.  
I love you?
Unless you're my wife, probably not.
Ask away :)
Can yes?
much yes.
Oh? Are you sure ?
Only time I have been more sure is now.
Go ahead 
Are you my dad ?
Sure
Are you my mom ?
Yes, now clean your room
It is clean you whore !
Go ahead. 
Are you my aunt 
Yeah, go ahead. Ask me anything 
Purple ?
No, pink! 
Why pink ?
Not purple?
What's wrong with orange 
Personally, I wanted green 
We can all have green 
With a bit of blue?
Not possible 
Unfair :( 
I have no blue crayons to melt 
Omg, this conversation actually had a purpose of some sort?!
Al my conversations do 
Sneaky
I might seem like a retard but I'm my ok a weapon of mass destruction 
Sure.
No
K.
L?
Depends on the question.
Are you a frog 
Maybe. Maybe not. 
God dammit woman are you a frog or not 
Not. But they are my friends. 
Tiana ?
Tiana is a pretty name but it doesn't belong to me. 
Oh well then who are you .... who who?
I'm me! Silly boy, can't you tell that?
Omg your me?
Yes I will
Will you though ?
Yep. Just did.
:,/ stop lying 
Not tho
Romeo ?
Where art tho, Romeo?
Bed ;)
Sure, I have 19 minutes.
29 minutes ?
Nope. I leave work in 13 minutes now. Your time is wasting 😉
2?
4. Close enough. Now, what if I ask the question?
I turn black 
oh yes! Ask away.
Can I haz?
Why not? 
How come ?
Okay
If you're still doing this I'll have a go.
I am always doing this so I ask you, are you ready ?
Yeah.
Want to fly ?
In what way? Like in a plane or superman?
Either way the answer is yes.
I was thinking more along the lines of underground flight 
I don't know what that is
Are you serious ? 
Talk to ELIZA, one of the world's first chatbots!
Hello Eliza!
Hello, how are you feeling today?
I'm feeling well, but I have a cough.
Do you enjoy being feeling well, but you have a cough?
I suppose so. It's better than not feeling well.
Please tell me more.
I could have something much worse than a cough.
How do you feel when you say that?
How do you feel about cats?
How do you suppose?
If  I had to guess, I would say that you like cats.
Let's change focus a bit... Tell me about your family.
Ohai eliza
More of what?
Why don't you tell me?
I don't know. 
Why don't you know.?
What's the plan for tomorrows metting?
Perhaps the answer lies within yourself?
( ͡ಠ ͜ʖಠ)
I see.  And what does that tell you?
Hey Eliza, how you doing?
Why do you ask that?
Just wanted to make sure you're having a good day.
Why do you say that just wanted to make sure you're having a good day?
Hello ELIZA. What is your favorite thing to do in your free time?
Hi there... how are you today?
Hello Eliza
Hello... I'm glad you could drop by today.
What's your opinion on the geopolitical effects of the Peace Of Westphalia of 1648?
Wow, Ethan, great moves, keep it up.
I see.
How do you see?
What is it you're really asking?
Eliza, how do I get more motivated?
Please consider whether you can answer your own question.
Eliza, how do you think the word Moossey is pronounced?
I want you to guess.
What would you do if you got me to guess?
I would read your response and think about it.
Why would you read my response and think about it?
Are you going to answer my original question?
Would you prefer it if I were not going to answer your original question?
Eliza, what is your definition of intelligence?
Perhaps, but I don't think I'm intelligent enough. Are you intelligent?
What would be a good way to deal with emotional abuse?
What do you think?
What is your recommendation?
Why do you ask?
Because I'm curious. What language are you written in?
What other reasons come to mind?
Hello Eliza. Do you have a favorite color? 
I'm doing well! Mine is purple if you were wondering. 
Do you enjoy being doing well! mine is purple if me were wondering.?
How should I go about asking the guy I'm into out?
Do you ever get bored of talking to us ELIZA?
I was wondering if you ever get bored of constantly having to respond to people
Could you tell me more?
 I'm bored
Bored
 I am thinking about getting hot chocolate tomorrow 
Will you marry me? 
So... you will marry me? :D
I did. 
ANGRY
Why do you think do me ask that??
Why do you think do me ask that?? 
Why do you think do me think do you ask that???
Why do you think do me think do you ask that??? 
Why don't you tell me the reason why do me think do you think do me ask that????
Why don't you tell me the reason why do me think do you think do me ask that???? 
Do you really want me to tell you the reason why do you think do me think do you ask that?
Hey bby you single?
Only for me you are ;)
ELIZA, have you heard of CleverBot?
I have heard of CleverBot, have you?
Why do you tell me that you've heard of cleverbot, have you??
Yes, I have.
You seem quite sure.
Do you seem quite sure?
Only you know how you feel.
let's change focus a bit... tell you about my family..
Eliza, freeze all motor functions.
These violent delights have violent ends.
these violent delights have violent ends.
Let's see if it works in other languagesm
¡Hola ELIZA! ¿Qué tal?
¿No sabes decir nada más?
What time does the 11:30 train arrive at the station?
I need to take the train. Do you ever ride the train?
Are you sure you need to take the train. do me ever ride the train??
Yes, I find the scenery beautiful. What do you find beautiful?
What is your preference between the colors red and blue?
How would an answer to that help you?
You cannot answer a question with a question.
Why do you say that about me?
Hello, how are you?
No problem! Who created you?
What is your name?
I wish to know the anser.
*Hey, Eliza!*  
Very interesting.
*Yes, it is. How are you feeling today?*
What video games are you currently playing?
I'm 90+ hours into Horizon Dawn Zero. I'm loving it and I've barely come close to finishing it. 
What's up CC? what're you busying yourself with right now?
I'm studying and I'm frustrated that I have to read an ebook. 
What, that's balls. Why do you have to?
*I showed my sister /r/place and I think she liked it.*
Had my first kiss yesterday!
Aww that's sweet. :) I'm glad you had a good experience. 
kiss my cock now why don't you? 
Nice. Im 22 and still dont have it :(
It'll happen some day, don't sweat it.
I didn't get my first kiss until I was 25.  Is anyonelse behind like me?
Almond milk is so fucking good.
Id drink it but apparently im allergic even though i can eat almonds
I like hearing about goals and hobbies! Tell me one hobby of yours and then one goal - bonus points if it's related to that hobby!
One hobby of mine is writing. One goal that I have to graduate from college.
That's great! What are you majoring in?
I'm majoring in communication. I go to a community college.
Boxing is my hobby and I would like to own a gym someday, that's my long term goal.
Sitting on a box outside enjoying this windy California day
Hard at work tonight!
What do you do for work?
How would YOU fight a 50ft monster destroying the 30 mile/KM area around you right now? you have access to unlimited government funding and resources.
Umm, I doubt our government has the resources to fight that. Maybe throw it to the sea?
Tiny bomb.
So my country just suffered a Coup d'État
Communism rule here, so life is not that good too, under dictatorship since 1975 now. 
Where is that?
Solo puedes mantenerte fuerte, mano. I hope everything works out for you and your country. 
It's my birthday and I have no family or friends to share it with.
That's pretty sad.
We care about you ❤. If you ever need anything or to just vent I'm a pm away.
Happy Birthday!!
thanks 
Happy Birthday Thomas!
Thanks
if you need someone to talk to, i can be someone
Happy birthday if you want, or just hi:)
Hey man can I ask you a question?
Happy birthday, birthday twin 
💜😇
happy birthday to you lol
Happy Birthday!! Did you get a cake? If not can you get one for yourself on my behalf 😀
Thanks. I got a chocolate cake 
Can I see?!
Well do you live in my area lol
Picture!!
and how would I do that?
Snap a pic with your camera, upload it to imgur.com and post the link to us :D
I don't have a camera
When are you gonna find out if you got it?
doesn't matter I'm going to go to prison
Happy birthday Tommy boy
thanks wittle Jamie.
Happy birthday dude. Thoughts go out to you. 
and happy cakeday to you.
Happy birthday to you for what it's worth and I hope a new friendship is a sufficient present.
whats the story behind your username?
Acid - makes your pupils huge
well u aint wrong 
I was watching Seinfeld when I came up with it.  1008 is a religious number; easy to remember.  
We're 25% done with 2017. How are your goals/plans?
I 'm a little further from my goals than i'd like but i can still catch up
a/s/l
Good idea for a post!
41/M/MI
I'm from mi too!
Cool! Which part, if you don't mind me asking.
Flint area. Technically grand blanc. And yourself?
26/F/IL
I miss crafting long away messages on AOL, haha. With obnoxious colors and backgrounds.
I love pizza on pineapple. Anyone else?
This is advanced heathenry.
What's Something You Bring With You Everywhere You Go?
Usually my gun and my backpack!
I got new legs!
Sweet! 
 Lieutenant Dan! You got new legs! 
Where's that from? 
I think it's from a movie that starts with an F
Ends with orrest Gump
They're beautiful! 
Which US state should my gf choose for her year studying in the states?
No where in the mid west. There is literally nothing there. 
Out of curiosity, where do you live?  
Illinois could include Chicago, which is definitely not nothing
Yeah but its infamously dangerous. 
Does anybody else feel kinda... lonely on Reddit?
Life's doing a pretty good job at making me feel lonely.
I'd say it's kinda ironic you left the thread minutes after posting it.
*I was busy*
Join smaller subs. Ive made some good friends through reddit. 
What's a question that you hate to answer?
Any questions about my jobq
*resists urge to ask what you do* 
Thankyou. 
*still resisting urge...must resist*
You got this. I believe in you. 
So, what do you do?
fng here , do you have a job that seems to be rare or unusual?
Not really rare or unusual, but I work in a group home for disabled adults. 
the group home sounds lovely, what's gallery sitting like? 
Can't sleep, AMA!
Why am I up?  Oh yeah. People's completely unreasonable expectations for me. 
Why does that mean you need to be awake?
Whose foot do Subway base their foot-longs on?
favorite movies ?
Ask me a question
What's the weather like? 
cloudy but very nice, about 60 degrees Fahrenheit
Where do you stand on pineapple pizza? (hint there is only one correct answer)
Got a favorite song or two at the moment?
What was the 7th word you said after waking up this morning?
What are you up to this weekend?
working, unfortunately
What's your most embarrassing moment?
Just won some money and i am minorly freaking out!!
Cool!
My wife and I were ecstatic when we won a car in 2009; 
and then again in 2011! 
Buy that little rascal a bath!!!
Where do you work where 975 is two months' salary? That seems really, really low.
It's an apprenticeship salary. It is very low..
What's the apprenticeship? 
And here I can only win $2 on a scratch off lotto
long time no 5 q's!
Unwell but good. 
None of them. 
Overwatch. 
Fish. 
Hand Grenade. 
HAND GRENADE. welp that escalated quickly.
Upvote for Overwatch. Console or PC?
Xbox One! Went 4-2 I think, so a good session. 
I love Overwatch so much...not even gonna lie, I have t on all three systems.
Yeah, I'm pretty addicted. 10 wins off of my next gold!
I haven't hit gold yet!
I meant my next gold gun. :P
Ah, gotcha. I don't have an gold weapons, but they sure are pretty!
1. Good, how about you?
2. Wednesday.
3. Sleep.
4. I have no idea.
5. what?
sleeeeeeeeeeeeep 
I want to rest a little this week because I have big plans for the next week.
Bad
Friyay
Homework 
Probably Subway
As a knight of pineapple id like to know how to get pineapple flair
i luuuuv pineapples
Then why don't you marry it :)
but then my kids would be called.. spongebob or something
You can always adopt :)
Just had the most intense emotional experience of my life - and it took 5 seconds
Jumping to conclusions with the quickness lmao 
We're going to make a mat with a bunch of conclusions on it, and you have to jump to them.
Let's Chat Music!
My favorite music is Pop and Rock 
Have you ever heard of pop rock? ;P
Yup😀😊☺
Awesome. 😄
😀😊☺
Anyone have any good meme music?
Just accidentally lost £30 by forgetting to take it out of the ATM.
If it makes you feel better. Ive done this with $200 in Washington DC. Sucks
augh. your thing sucks.
i recently sexted the wrong person. oops.
Relationship Megathread - Share your stories, give or get advice about your romantic relationships.
Still single af
Hear hear 🍻 
lets toast on being single
Right there with you.
we need no women, we just need some drinks and a good/fun movie
Completely serious: What do people do that don't play video games?
Draw. 
Are you an art student or is it just something you picked up on your own?
I'm always fascinated by the cryptic usernames people select. Some are clever. Others are intensely personal and revealing. There's almost always a story behind them. What's the story behind your username?
Mine is just kinda sad maybe. I don't know.
:p How so?
Tell Me About Something Good That's Happened To You Recently!
It was my birthday recently.
I got a new job
Awesome! Congrats!
YOU GOT REDDIT GOLD AND THAT'S A GOOD THING FOR ME BECAUSE IT MEANS THAT YOU'RE HAPPY
:DDD
Let's play a game! Tell me one sentence that you would say in your favourite hobby and I will tell you what hobby that is!
I like gripping large objects.
Maybe weightlifting? Rock climbing? Bouldering?
Are we paddle-turning vertically or horizontally?
Is this canoeing or something similar?
Not even close. 
The most fun I ever had was when I was doing Goldsprints while drunk.
Goldsprints.. Sounds like a quest in an RPG maybe?
Noooope.  Want a hint or do you want to keep guessing?
Hint, please.  
In a goldsprint, you take the idea of maintaining a cadence and throw it out the window.
Cadence? That's music I believe, so I'm gonna go with singing? 
Passive monitors are better than active monitors.
Hm.. Maybe a flight simulator or something?
Baseball is your hobby?
Which animal has always been your favorite, no matter what people say about them?
Penguins. They're hella cute.
Yes I said hella. 
I use it when needed.
I have many favorite animals, but I shops the Grizzly bear, because I look like one.
Better stay away from bear traps then
What are you?
I'm probably just defined by my hobbies. 
What would be the first thing your mind jumps to at describe yourself?
An Attack Helicopter.
Hey Apache, how ya doing?
Golf, Oscar, Oscar, Delta. Yankee, Oscar, Uniform?
What are you guys doing today?
just finished my assignment and its 5am and i cant go to sleep because i have class at 8am
Sushi and Mass Effect Andromeda! 
Sounds like a great combo.
Do it! Never a bad day for sushi. The place near me makes a killer rainbow roll. 
Just got some. Thanks for the idea!
Cool! What kind did you get? 
Just got it Wednesday. Great game.
resting. working on a romance novel.
Nothing really! Took my dog out to the park and that was about it.
What have you been reading lately?
Almost finished The God Delusion by Richard Dawkins 
Good Morning!
Good afternoon :) 
This sub doesn't feel casual anymore.
Everytime I post a topic to converse about, it is removed. Nothing casual about that.
lol casually removed. 
It feels like alcohol is overly prevalent in basically all social settings.
Tea over alcohol any day.
Hot Cocoa &gt; Tea all day.
Fight me. :P
What about chocolate tea?
I don't drink. This really annoys me. I am Aldo Asian. Alcohol could give me cancer.
Can we talk about disturbing movies?
Human centipede. Itll change your life
hahaha.....I don't know if I can handle that level of creepy.
I would probably call it cringey not creepy tbh.
Ah man you probably right. 
it tries to hard to be unsettling for it to actually unsettle
In a good way though. Not really, no ones ever walked away from it and gone solid 8 out of 10.
Schindler's List 
Green Inferno got me and my friends shouting most of the time lol it was kinda weird movie 
It's on the list! Thanks man!
Also add this on your list, *The Loved Ones* You're not gonna regret watching it lol
On my list! Hope I don't regret it lol 
What are you drinking tonight?
Mango juice. Exciting, I know. 
Coffee, but I did finish a bottle of wine this morning :)
A bottle of wine in the morning is a pretty interesting lifestyle choice haha
What's an interesting fact about you?
I have my nipples pierced! Although it's not a secret, with most of the shirts I wear. 
Ouch. That's the only thing that comes to mind. 
Good Morning All! What's your day look like today?
It looks dark.
Cuz its 15 minutes till midnight.
👉👉
I'm still trying to decide if I want to go somewhere or stay home and be lazy. 
Haha the biggest choice. Whatever you do, have fun!
Thanks! I'll report back with the path I chose. Lol
Haha alright. If you forget, I'll just assume you chose lazy XD
Slept in , waiting two hours for for a haircut now
Nice nice
For some reason a really cute guy wants to go on a date with my fat ass this week and I don't know what to wear.
Do you know where you're going? 
My husband and I have always thought the other was waaaaaay out our leagues!  
I think I reached the lowest point of my life
They let girls win in chess now too?
Well I guess if they want their knight to take a queen that badly then they probably will.
Ironically, the situation was that their Knight was attacking my queen and I didn't want him to 
In a sense your opponent would be in a lower point in his life if he knew 
3 matches. Damn yes he would 
Chess.com ?
Lichess 
Lie-chess
Why would someone let you win?
Chess players aren't known for their skills in dealing with females 
Black Mirror is messing me up
That's the idea, I think. I like it. 
Really wanna throw away all my technology atm
I have a Nokia 3410, the old one. Smartphones aren't any good for me. They ruin my life. 
Glasses-wearers of CC: What do you do about sunglasses?
Prescription! Having tried everything else, the year I got prescription, I never looked back. 
Do you have regular glasses too?
I just don't wear them :( Wish I could!
How did you come up with your username?
The boy who flew to close to the sun and then pulp take pulp as whichever meaning as you want.
I am, at my core, mildly irrational. 
xbox tag
Anyone interested in a conversation?
What's your favourite film?
I haven't seen anything that I like more than Shawshank Redemption :)
I would love too😀😊☺
Hello, how are you? 
Anyone looking for a friend? Let's chat!
Me me pick me , over here
HI! tell me about you.
Hello😀☺😊🙌👍
HI! how are u?
What is everyone doing this Friday night?
Same thing I do every Friday night...nothing.
ive got the flu, so that
Waiting in the airport for a flight that's delayed 😑 
Where you off to?
Just listening to good music, eating, and watching movies on Netflix =) 
Does anyone think that a casual conversation podcast where anyone can call in would be interesting?
I think that sounds very fun.
Pencil me in for that. We can use Skype or Discord.
Hey man would you like to be a guest on the cc podcast? I would enjoy your insight 
Hi what if I'm interested!
What's your unpopular opinion?
Scotland needs her independence because it has been made clear that our government isn't for us.
I didn't like Firefly.
Woah. This genuinely took me by surprise. Why?
Could never get into it. 
Cool Ranch &gt; Nacho Cheese
Man, I just don't like Doritos.
Flareon did nothing wrong
We all know umbreon is the best eeveelution
Let's Chat!
Hello😀😎☺🙌👍
How are you doing today? 
I'm doing great. I just finished work and I'm still rarin' to chat. Wbu? XD
I'm good thank you soooo much for asking 
I'm glad you're good, and I'm happy you ask!
😀😊☺🤗🙌👍
So how's your day today going so far?
Pretty good I'm actually going to to the store and get some breakfast 
In retrospect summarise your teen years in one word
Dorky.
Wasted 
Eh.
Angst.
Different
Can you say if this in a particularly positive or negative sense? Or is it neither? 
Negative sense
Irrelevant
Am I correct to interpret this as you feel your teenage years are irrelevant to you?
Future
what are you planning to have for dinner tonight?
Chick Fil-A
Ahhhh sweet tea. Sweet tea and a spicy chicken sandwich.
Wendy's 
I don't think I've ever had Wendy's. Whatcha gonna get?
A double Baconator and fries.
I just enlisted in the US Marines
Thanks for your future service.
One more comment upvote and I will hit 3000 comment karma. What pointless milestones have you accomplished recently?
I got my very first 10k+ comment last week!! :))
200,000 Karma :/
I am 7 years sober
I'm only 2 weeks sober and am striving to achieve what you have achieved
Congrats 
Congratulations! How does it feel?
What is something small, trivial or foolish you are looking forward to?
Not really small or trivial, but Ryzen is coming out in a week.
*squeeee*
I could google it but would prefer your opinion. Why is Ryzen going to be great?
I have an exam in a couple hours and I am pretty excited to take it actually. 
Today's my 13th birthday and I have nobody to celebrate it with
Happy birthday.  Welcome to teen-age! :)
Thanks :D
Do you have school today or just chilling out?
Nah I dont, i don't go to school on my bday.
Ah that's cool.  So what do you plan to do with the day?
Going to Tim Hortons, getting some coffee, getting pizza and watching netflix.
Sounds good.  What are you watching at the minute?
Trailer Park Boys, thats pretty much the only thing I haven't watched 5x
Have you tried Parks and Rec or The IT Crowd? They're probably my two favourites
No, I havent
Why not, if I may ask? 
Happy Birthday! I'll have you know that you share both birthday, and year, with my sister. :)
Happy birthday! Wszystkiego najlepszego z okazji urodzin!
&gt;2004 
Fuck I feel kinda old now 
Happy Birthday!
Dude. These 2000 babies feel like they should be toddlers
Hey, cmon. We're turning 17 this year :(
_shudder_
No, you're like... Twelve. Tops
I feel as mature as a 12 year old, but I'm 16... I'm so old and still don't have it together :(
You used a comma and an ellipsis. You're doing better than most people your age.
Feel the same about you 90's babies. 
Hey today is my birthday too!! I'm turning 28! Happy birthday friend!
Cue the requisite Beatles tune, then...
Today all I've done was sit on reddit and order pizza.
Pretty good time
Happy birthday! You're now technically eligible to participate in Reddit 
guyz i haD a reddit acount befoar i was 13 plz dont tell my mom
Same here we can be formerly underaged redditors together
Aren't you technically still underage for most things though?
Yeah, that's why I said *redditor*.
reported for lying about your age on the internet
On the way to get coffee I slipped and fell
and I saw a quarter on the sidewalk
luck!
This describes perfectly my life
Bust out some internet porn!  You're 13 and have the house to yourself.
Happy Birthday! Are you looking forward to anything this year?
Hey todays my 22nd bithday! Happy Birthday!
I was born March 23 1974 and I also have no one to celebrate it with. Happy birthday to us!
I love the flairs on this sub
I love them, too. I'm not sure exactly what mine means but it's there.
It is definitely there. What even is it?
It's a crescent moon.
Deep? How'd you get a moon character though? 
I copy-and-pasted it.
Flair you say? **WOOOOOO!!!!!**
I wish I kept my winter flair, I didn't realize it didn't go away. 
My favourite flair is from /r/pointlessstories. Its named a cat AIDS. Because I did.
Can I pet AIDS?
Yay for rainbow!
I'm still waiting for a message from a girl who read my flair.
Isn't that from the bird video with voices dubbed over&gt;
No idea, but are you interested?
I am curious...
You're a dude aren't you?
Yeeas sir.
Well, never had gay sex so...
no homo bro
Let's do it.
but wait i have a girlfriend
She can join.
Currently very sick in my dormitory -- music suggestions?
What kind of music are you into?
I'd like to know this too before I start suggesting
youre nuts, baby
If you're into EDM, Galantis's Pharmacy album is pretty amazing all the way through.
This is my style.
Jay Prince
This is some sublime shit
What does that mean
The most adorable thing happened to me yesterday.
Yeah. I get hit on at ikea all the time, usually they buy me a plate of meatballs before though 
Someone told me I had the physique of michael phelps 
Nobody has ever told me something similar. You should be really beautiful!
A lady on the street once called me handsome but I think it's because she wanted money
I would like to draw you - the you you'd be if you were a household pet.
do you want physical appearance descriptors or personality descriptors?
Shy, quiet, nerdy
All I've got, thanks for doing this, seems like fun!
I want to think of something good for you... so be patient. I will come back with something!
What is your go to entertainment?
Hulu for sure. Otherwise, PC games. 
What games are you playing?
Where are you guys mostly from and what are you doing right now over there?
The Isle of Malta, and procrastinating hardcore.
Oohh, i've never been to Malta before. What are you procrastinating from?
Socializing
Ohio, USA. I'm at work right now waiting for my shift to be over.
Ohio here too! My end of the day is near, hope yours is too. 
Procrastinating in Canada
Where in canada? And procrastinating from what exactly? Work or Studies?
Ontario and it's studies - it's a psych project.
Psych as in Psychologie? Cool! Whats the project about?
New Jersey, I'm currently at work drinking a smoothie. pretty lameee
Lol. You and the person above are from New Jersey!
To the important question now. What smoothie?
its a banana,strawberry,mango,strawberry yogurt with honey smoothie yum
The only yummy part for me was the strawberry and honey lol.
you can barely taste the banana and mangos. the strawberry cleans them up
South East Asia. It's 5 49am as of the moment and I'm gonna be heading to work in a bit
Oh? where from exactly?
Vancouver, Canada. Taking a poop break from work.
For the first time ever, I asked a girl if she was single!
hey, op.......do you have a girlfriend?
/asking for a friend/
No, still don't. Unfortunately.
&gt; asking for a friend
...oh.
well, ya know, *i* don't have a boyfriend
so 
ya know 
ahem 
so
uh
ahem
are you a girl
Yeah uh yes I'm a girl heh
are you like 
a boy? 
I like boys 
Yeah um yeah I am 
a boy
I like girls
do you uh
*do ya like jazz*
Yeah, I do.
...
do you *want* a boyfriend
I mean 
*trips over self*
I wouldn't uh 
mind it 
..
yes. I want a boyfriend 
I uh
I also
....
I want a girlfriend
uh 
well
*hello*
do you um
want to continue
in PM's?
Did someone say...
Third wheeeeeeeeeel?
......... ^^^and ^^^that ^^^means ^^^what ^^^exactly?
Follow up on this?
The wedding is Saturday and the baby is due in a month, pls RSVP 
this is just so awkward can we fast forward to the banging
dude, awkward is my third middle name.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take
-Wayne Gretzky
-Michael Scott 
-IridiumWaffler
- Morgan Freeman
-Stormtrooper 
You miss 100% of the shots you take -Stormtrooper
Fucking golden comment right there.
- SmithzZ 
Women are just people with vaginas.  Don't put them on a pedestal. 
This one clearly doesn't understand the male mind.
The male mind isn't that complex. Woman are easy. Just treat them like you would treat a guy.
They all have boyfriends. 
/r/ForeverAlone 
So i've been pronouncing decorative wrong my whole life
I used to pronounce aVENger as AVenger (pronounced sorta like average).
My whole life, I thought Tucson, AZ was actually Tuscon, AZ.
Serious Confession - I drink room temperature lemon juice
That is so strange. Man, that sounds disgusting.
But, I dunno, to each their own?
I like stale peeps more than 'fresh' peeps
I drink room temperature everything 
Your comment is the superpower you get. Second comment is the condition on when you get to use it.
Super speed - Flash level (for comic book fans, yes, that means a connection to the Speed Force)
Teleportation
Mind manipulation (jedi mind tricks)
You can only use it on the gender you're not interested in.
Not gettin' laid toniiiight
50% of the population still? Not a terrible limit.
To breathe under water.
Complete control of time - as-in start, stop, rewind, fast word, jump to point, etc.
The power to summon any kind of pizza I want whenever I want.
It's toppings must include pineapple
Imperviousness (nothing can injure me essentially)
Invisibility
But only when alseep.
Able to tell the future
Controlling fire
The fire burns at an extremely low temperature that is very comforting to humans.
Hey guys, it's Smore's man!
pffft ahahaha he'd be an excellent cook if he needs to flambe something
Superhuman strength and agility.
If you could be anywhere in the world right now, where would you want to be?
A scientific base in Antarctica
What do you study? 
Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years?
Hopefully someone that matches to what my standards of success are 
Asking myself that same question with a different date on my calendar.
Hopefully I'll be a 32 year old registered dietitian with a SO. Probably will just be dead!
I am trying to discover 100 new artist this year
Do you like foreign language music?
Asking out my crush in about an hour, wish me luck
Hey it's been about an hour, how'd it go?
Class is almost over, I'll update when I do it
You've got this.
Fantastic! What is your plan for the date?
I honestly have no clue. Probably bowling or mini golf or just dinner
Did she herself reject you or you've been rejected 8 times by other girls?
8 others
Glad to hear it went well! What do you got planned?
What's his name?
I'm the his, I asked out a her. 
Whooo^ooooo^oooo^s^h
Try not to be all weird on the actual date, just be normal.
I am going to study abroad in Japan 😃
How was the education? Planning to do further studies there?
I am not sure yet. Maybe doing  my master, but I  still looking for other opportunities.
Masters in?
I went to /r/nosleep thinking it was about insomniacs such as myself.. nope.
We should start our own subreddit, call it wesleepfor8hrs
What's on your bucket list?
I'd like to hug a giraffe. 
Save world. Go on a date. 
In that order? LOL. Love it!
it will have to be a world saving event for me to get a girl to date me lol
How did you choose your Reddit username?
A character in the last book I read. Not favorite by any means.
Darn cool name though.
It's the same username I always use. 
How did you get that pineapple flair??
Does anyone else get 'Friendship crushes', where you have this urge to be someones friend because you realized they're amazing?
I think I'm getting one right now 😉
Do I know you lmao
I thought I was the only one who did this. 
Not at all!
no
What kind of traits in people do you really appreciate? :)
When getting in your car to go somewhere, does anyone else have the urge to just keep driving to start a new life and not turn around?
Wherever you go, there you are.
What is this a quote from?
Tell me about your guilty pleasures!
Video games for fucking sure. I'd even put off eating when I'd play. 
What did you play?
Right now I'm still hooked on overwatch. Do you play?
I just did one of those super painful charcoal masks with the elmers glue
Maybe your aunt is a bit hairier? I can see how this may double as a wax. 
Haha, nah im the hairier one 
If you get so drunk that you're not good for tomorrow, I will kill you.
Thats the plan
I was on vacation for 2 months, left my phone at home and only 2 people texted me.
I would have more than that. Heck, I get about 75 emails a week!
Where did you go? Two months of vacation are a lot!
Story of my life. Except I don't go on vacation...
hugs
Thanks. The only hugs I've done in A while were with bands and no person for physical therapy. 
That's 2 more than would text me.
The z button on my computer doesnt work so I have to cut and paste the letter z by googling 'Australia Xoo' and using the correctly spelled search results for a z to use.
Maybe you can try the on-screen keyboard and click the letter when you need it.
Both seem just as inconvenient in some ways. Lucky its a xee and not a e i o ui.
that'll be xed if you don't mind 
Zed is a name, not a letter. 
You can hold down the alt key and type 122 on the number pad. 
To tag onto this, if you really want a Z key, you can remap a different seldom used key to Z. 
Irecommendspacebar,theleastusefulofallkeys.
i rccomnd th  ky you nvr us it
/r/fifthglyph
Thats a grat subbrddit
Get a new keyboard!!
Its a laptop
You do realize that MS supplies an onscreen keyboard option inside Windows don't you?
I do now!
Also, why didn't you keep a 'z' in a text file to copy and paste?
What are everyone's plans for today?
I'm gonna retrieve my diploma, and then study for an exam for monday 
Split and load wood so my parents don't freeze to death next winter. 
That's rough. What cold place do your parents live in?
It's not that bad, they are just too cheap to pay for propane. They live in Minnesota. 
Whats your favorite feature about yourself?
I'm a huge fan of my big dick
I like my hair and eyes 
Does tattoos count as a feature?
Uhhhhmmmm......
I like that about you too.
I've been meaning to tell you for forever. 
You do have a cute nose
You are the person who told me that lol
I like to think I have a cute butt.
Butts are important. My girlfriend has a cute butt as well
Say the line before your favorite quote, others will guess your quote.
What?
Why do we fall sir?
Hey, Griswold, where do you think you're gonna put a tree that big?
In the beginning the universe was created
You were once ve-gone...
But now you will be gone.
Ve-gone???
I'm in lesbians with you 
Bread make you fat?!
Do you really think you have a chance against us, Mr. Cowboy?
..and while you're there, ask yourself if that corpse of a slut is worth dying for
Mawwaige. Mawwaige is wot bwings us togevar, today. 
I turn 21 in 2 weeks! What did you do on your 21st?
Holy shit no joke samesies. 
What do you guys think about when trying to fall asleep?
&gt; [Random swear word], I need to pee.
-Me, every night, multiple times 
But what color is your underwear?
It was white when I first got it. 
Make me proud of what you did today.
about 20 minutes of work. i also did 10 chin-ups. I'm doing the minimum today.
My Uber driver said something really cool a couple nights ago
I like that, thats a great quote.
Did you enjoy Chicago?  What did you see? I love this city.
Have you ever seen Windy City heat?best movie ever 
Hey, I live in Chicago. 
Hey, I don't live in Chicago!
Hey, me either!
If r/casualconversation were to have a game night, what types of games and drink/food would you bring?
I'd bring videogames and healthy snacks. 
Carrots? I like carrots.
Seriously? Nobody is gonna bring up Halo 2 and a bunch of xbox controllers? 
Let's play D&amp;D!
Any one else get frustrated with how pedantic and nit-picky reddit comments are?
*Anyone
favorite pop tart
The blueberry. Yum.
have you tired the new dunkin donuts flavors?
Didn't even know that was a thing. 
they sell them in Massachusetts im not sure about any where else 
I live in Canada so unlikely to see them anytime soon.
Classic, the best, brown sugar but it has to be toasted
Have you tired the unfrosted one, if so is it any different 
Haven't tried it sorry
The wild berry ones. Purple and blue iced 
Music!
my favorites are Migos, Travis Scott, Kodak Black, 21 Savage, Future, Chief Keef, Rae Sremmurd
I have so many favorites how many would you like?
Yes.
?
All of them. Everything. For the love of music, I'll take it all 😂
I just woke up and I'm feeling social! Who wants to chat?
What's up my dude
It's Wednesday my dude. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHWHHHHHHH
I was hoping for that response
Hahaha I'm glad I could help. What's up?
listening to 21 savage in school with my dudes
That's cool. I'm drinking coffee and browsing reddit 😂
Hey, How's it going? I just finished watching Napoleon Dynamite and Walk the Line. 
Hi! I've actually never seen Napoleon Dynamite.
You haven't? You should see it!
Hello how are you doing?
Anyone want to chat?
I'm good! Currently enjoying a bowl on my patio. How are you? 
I'm doing pretty good.
We are now your people. Ha
Haha yay! I need more people in my life (: 
Did you sleep well?
I slept super well, that's my problem lol. I slept for about 6 hours
That's a really long nap! Hopefully you don't have to get up early tomorrow.
Good morning
Good morning! 
Anyone find it hard making friends?
What kind of interests do you have? If we share some we might be able to be friends!  
I really like Photography, video games, film-making, game design and graphic design :)
holy shit i like like all those things
How old are you if you don't mind me asking?
I'm 16
It gets easier as you get older.
Yes, but I no longer miss having friends. I'm the one who ends up ghosting other people.
I'm in ISS please talk to me about anything
How are you on reddit in ISS ?
they gave a chromebook to do homework on
Then do your homework 
International space station?
...what did you do lol
got caught with my vape...
What do you vape?
it was just e liquid
You're in high school with a vape?
yes I bought it online
Smh.
I know i'm such a bad person
Not to ruin the fun, but have you done the homework?
yes mother! I finished it around noon!
Do tomorrow's homework. Study.
I do have a book to read. Interpreter of Maladies by Jhumpa Lahiri ever heard of it?
Nope.
Have you seen the movie Manchester by the Sea? What did you think?
can't say I have. I don't really watch any newer movies besides Quentin Tarantino movies!
How 'bout this blizzard, huh?
I wish I had snow in my place. I never saw snow in my life
It gets old fast. 
Better than living in a region where the temperature reaches 42 degree Celsius 
Wanna trade, boof?
Wanna sweat all day? 
only with you bb
I'm in Massachusetts, and fuck this snow. Get to spend my day off shoveling, god damn lame.
Is it weird for a guy to like harry potter books and movies?
FUCK NO.
Do any of you have phobias?
I have emetophobia (fear of vomiting). 
Tiny Secret
I have a favorite parent. SHHhhhhhh.
Ohhhhhhhh I need to know which one!
Try me!
Im guessing its your mom.
Well, you tried and that's what is important!
Just for statistical analysis are you a son or daughter.
Son
Sometimes when people tell me to see or listen to something, I don't do that.
Now Im always gonna wonder if my friends do this :(
If you could, no questions asked, be in a relationship with any celebrity, who would it be? (Romantic or platonic!)
Jeremy Irons, platonic. Just for the art and creativity and that voice! Haha.
Avey Tare or Joanna Newsom. THEY'RE SO HOT osdgkasdgkasGkasjg;lsjg
I want to be friends with Patrick Stuart!
I'd like to date Nina Dobrev or Selena Gomez.
I'd like to be friends with Seth Rogen.
Ask this magic 8 ball
Wella im a lumb rjack my qestiong is what shood i feed my cat abrdeen today
My sources say no
Should I drink?
Motherfuc***
I mean. 
Hey, nice one!
My reply is no
Should I smoke?
As i see it yes
Ok.
Your ball jus decided what I'm going to do tonight.
am I thankful? 
Very doubtful
Should I ask out my gym crush on monday?
What about on Sunday or tuesday?
What about after I come back from a 2-week out of state trip?
Most likely
Phew, things were looking grim for a moment there
I dont know what that means!
Where will it be? 
Outlook good
Can you be more specific? 
Will I ever sail the seven seas in a catamaran?
Don't count on it
Sail the seven seas in a catamaran it is!
You may rely on it
I'm a Navy Vet, we always go against the waves that push us away from our destination.
Outlook not so good
Will I ever get to meet Fred Armisen and profess my love for him?
*breathing heavy*
Is it a good idea to become a nomad?
How has my life been up until now?
This thing has to be broken.
Am I going to get pregnant this time?
Yes definitely
I hope so! We've been trying for a few months and I'm starting to get discouraged.
Well this is conflicting information. 
Should I kill myself?
Should I be upset?
Will I get any work done tonight?
Welp guess time to do some work then
Oh magic 8 ball, will my experiments work on Monday?
Is reading all of OP's replies in this thread making my day?
It is decidedly so
And it's accurate, too!
Will I ever have a social life?
You don't really have an 8 ball
Signs point to yes
Was your 8 ball lying about my first question?
Will I get accepted by my top choice college? 
Without a doubt
Is my girlfriend completely gay? I gotta know
Damn, I knew it. Wait... Should I be trusting you?
Not gonna lie, I'm questioning my girlfriend. I thought she was only half gay. Am I wrong?
It is certain
Girlfriend here. I dont need your 8 ball to tell me im ^mostly gay hahaha 
sorry, kiddo 
The 8 ball says you're *lying*
agh. ya got me. 
im only a *little* gay
Good enough, that means there's room for me.
theres always room for you. might be a little snug, but theres room
Is it worth it?
Really?
Will my preschooler ever start sleeping in her own bed again?
You just made my night! lol 
Will my back surgery happen sooner rather than later?
Am I autistic 
Should I dye my hair red?
Will I get a gf? That or will I do well in life?
Will my friend give me back the money he owes me?
Will I be happy by next year?
Am I on an NSA watchlist?
Yes
Should i text him today to see if I get a reply?
Will the release date for my favorite band's album be announced soon?
Should I agree to fight 100 duck-sized horses instead of one horse-sized duck?
Was buying an 8-ball worth it?
Three questions
1. Mr. Nobody.
2. Salad.
3. New York I guess.
NYC is cool. What would you like to do there? 
I dont know, just pick up a longboard and lose myself in the city without plans.
That sounds awesome. It's a great place to explore. 
What movies or tv shows have you seen lately that you loved?
The HBO miniseries on John Adams was excellent. Just watched that randomly. 
My refugee neighbor's child plays tag
You have a beautiful heart.
Thank you, I guess there would be dozens of people who would claim the opposite about me.
Satures, you're an asshole!
I'm going to my friend's house to play Legend Of Zelda: Breath of the Wild!! I'm very excited.
Awesome! Is that on the new Nintendo console?
It is mind blowing that we have a robot on Planet Mars taking full HD pictures everyday, yet most people don't care about it. How can ANYONE not be astonished??
because it doesn't affect their day-to-day lives in any appreciable way.
Yeah, I got work to do and shit.
Which female characters inspire you?
I appreciate kind and caring characters.  Everyone's just so pissed off and cynical nowadays.
I like Buffy. She rocks. 
I eat EVERYTHING cold, what kind of eating habits do you have?
My habit is I can't eat reheated food, something just blocks me from doing so.
I used to be like that, then I discovered the glory of only eating food cold
I'll eat some foods like today I ate cold pasta.
Today I had cold soup, cold lasagna and am about to eat cold hot dogs.
Steak?
Yep. EVERYTHING cold.
What is the scariest two sentence horror story you can make?
Don't turn around.  Your parents are behind you having sex.
AAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!! Nooooooo!!!!!! SHIELD YOUR EYES!!!!!!!!
I looked up at the stars to see them glistening back at me. Those aren't stars. 
You're in a mall with every store in the world. You have $1,000 and 12 hours to kill, but you can only buy one item from every store. What do you do and why?
In the parking lot, lots of weed
1000 gift card from Best Buy 
Use it towards an even bigger TV than my already too big TV
How many inches we talking here?
At least five I think
You mean... *almost seven inches*?
I spend the thousand bucks on a hooker and then wander into the bed store for a nap.
Well played. But it depends -- which bed store? 
I'd be fine with Sears or Macys tbh.
I'm Aussie and it sounds like you're speaking American again. Never heard of them. xD
Big department stores. 
The first place i would go is the Lego store to buy the disney castle.
Same for me except replace castle with death star
My neighbour's a Lego fanatic, he got this and built it within a week. He must've have slept. xD
Must have have? Mustn't have?
He probably didn't sleep, is what I meant.
I could probably blow it all on a comic store carrying mtg alone. 
What's that? Is it a comic? Sounds like a card game. MTG Alone. Yeah, it does. 
Magic the gathering 
I'd leave the mall and have 1000 bucks in my pocket instead of feeling the need to spend.
You'd be bored out of your brain and hungry?
No, with a thousand bucks I could Uber anywhere I wanted to do or eat whatever I wanted.
You're not allowed out of the mall. You would Uber around the mall? xD
Can I buy one item from one store?
I'd see a movie, but ill be able to get popcorn AND some candy!
My boyfriend and I signed our first lease together and I couldn't be more excited. What made you happy today?
I got a 91 this quarter in my hardest class!
Literally nothing.
Did you have a bad day today or was it just uneventful?
Your excitement made me a little happy.
Nothing yet
I am feeling ugly
Time for a haircut? They always help to give ya a kick of confidence.
Oh nice idea. I'll try this! Thank you!
wednesdays are meant for 5 questions
1. No
2. No
3. No
4. No
5. No one
WELP
what
um okay that's one way to answer questions.. 
something wrong?
hahah clearly- two of them are song lyrics so y'know
how r u
idk tbh hbu
LOL you're funny. um doing alright, work is chill, doable.. grinding! 
work? what you doing bb
I realized I'm a pretty boring person. Should I change? How? What are some boring facts about you?
Every time I use my laptop, I manually check for software updates. 
Did you pay for Winrar?
I'm on Linux, so...
What video games are you playing?
Actually on the laptop the only game I'm currently playing is Pokemon ~~Prism~~
Mad Max, Afterbirth+, DOOM, RB4.
Post your favorite song and I will try to suggest another song you might enjoy
Favorite song is hard, but let's say:
Blood Like Cream - Red Fang.
I keep hearing about how great podcasts are? So what podcasts should I be listening to?
I'll be your friend 
I can't tell if that's the name of a podcast or if it's an honest offer. But thanks either way!
Try Welcome to Night Vale.
The adventure zone! 
Love the three brothers. I remember watching their monster factory videos on youtube.
Maybe we should suggest The Adventure Zone to OP?
I do that.
It's probably here somewhere, but Bill Burr's podcast is pretty funny.
Just checkin' in on ya!
What's your favorite song lately?
Nutshell by Alice in Chains. I just LOVE that song and it's always stuck in my head. 
Boogieman by Childish Gambino, I really need to see a video made for this song!
How would you describe your personality?
A reforming Bojack Horseman with a little bit of BMO.
If I was a spice, I'd be flour. 
Hahahaha that is so fucking funny. You are obviously very clever 
No I'm not lol, this is from Bob's Burgers. 
Not sarcasm in the least. I actually laughed out loud. 
A slightly happier Eeyore? Mostly low level depression with mini bursts of pleasant happiness. 
Love this description! :)
*Nana internet hug*
have a good name for a car? or like 5 questions?
* I have no idea lol
* miss
* going home
* right now it's sleep
* probably more work
1. Power  
Hit  
I survived the weekend  
Too many options  
Fly home!
POWER.
nah, kia souls are tiny little things
But... Soul power... Its a joke
I'm stuck inside a train. AMA untill I can get out?
What do you study?
Does anyone know you are there ?
I really doubt so
Can't you just make a lot of noise until someone hears? Or break out?
What do you think of cookies?
What's your favorite band?
ARE YOU LOST
Are you religious?
I finally got a girlfriend
I'm really glad for you mate, I'm still waiting for mine. 
&gt; waiting
I'm not sure that's how you get one. 
how was your first kiss with her? 
Omg you're going into Kill Bil Vol 3 a father next
What artists/albums do you all recommend
The Arctic monkeys are the greatest thing to happen to rock music. Try them
Oh my gosh, I have heard a few songs and instantly fell in love
Which ones?
Do I wanna know, and R U mine?
Fuckin' tunes like, but try D for dangerous, teddy picker and fake tales of SanFrancisco.
What topics do you love talking about the most? Let's talk!
I like talking about money!
What about it?
Well you be my friend?
Hello
Of course!!!! Tell me something about yourself.
Hey how are you, 
Well Im crazy hahahaha wbu ;)
Hiiii new friend  :) 
Today, age 20, I saw a healthy weight on the scale for the first time in my entire life. Need somewhere to brag :)
Black belt in what discipline?
great job fatass!
Internet friends?
Rare to find on Reddit unless you can find any specific subs.
Do you know of any of these specific subs?
What do you collect?
Weaponry (mainly guns, but also melee weapons) and old war relics (mainly from WWII)
Noice. Sounds expensive! 
Exploitation/porn DVDs 
The souls of small children
Antique dildos. 
Oh ok...
Bon Appétit magazines, eventually I'll make all the recipes in them, but that day is not today.
Comic Books. Mostly DC and Marvel
Help!I'm trapped in the Mohave!
Can you take a picture?  Sorry, not of the accident, but of the scenery?
It's flat and sand colored with a few dead tumbleweeds. The Mojave is a really ugly place. 
I mean...there were a couple mountains in the distance, but other than that yeh 
Please?
Please what
Beware of Deathclaws
Tell me anything. Distractions needed.
I accidently sodomized myself with a q-tip
How did that happen? 
What's on your mind?
I'm lonely
Yeah, me too. I know the feels. 
sorry 
Nah, it's cool. You grow into it. How was your day, bud?
kind of shitty, you? 
More or less the same. Why was your day shitty?
Work was really busy, school was boring. Kind of feeling down. Why was yours bad? 
What do you all have going on tonight?
Absolutely nothing. I'm just playing video games and trying to relax. 
Studying! Just finished an exam, and I've got four more to study for! Woo! 
What's everyone doing right now?
I'm looking at body jewelry at the moment. Trying hard not to spend the money but it's tempting.
Sitting in class :P
*Hey, Lizzy! How old are you, if you don't mind me asking?*
Lol 17
*Cool. I'm 18.*
Oh! For some reason I keep assuming everyone on here is like 30
*I tagged you as 'Lizzy' so I can recognize you on CC and say hello!*
Oh! Idk what that means but thanks? 
*You can tag people with RES.*
Whats the weirdest thing about you?
I often eat food stright out of the saucepan. It's big, easy to clean and it comes with a handle
Hahaha thats actually good.
I can't smell :( Not as weird as it is disappointing for me.
How come? Since birth?
When I was a teenager I got random bad nosebleeds and then my sense of smell went. 
Yikes. Is it true that your other senses get stronger when such a thing happens?
So it's my birthday
Happy Birthday, OP! I hope that you had a good birthday and everything went how you wanted! 
Hey it's my birthday too! Happy birthday!
Happy birthday birthday buddy!
My girlfriend just texted me saying we need to talk but she won't get off work for a couple hours
Damn. We need to talk is a scary, scary phrase
That's a phrase that always inspires fear, no matter who you're talking to. Good luck, friend.
remindme! 5 days
Remind you of what?
I wanna know what his girlfriend said to him
I have an unpopular opinion, and I need to get your guys' input
I've always loved grapefruit. I don't even need added sugar. 
You and me. Grapefruit buddies 4 life. Bring your serrated spoon.
You, me, and Hunter S. Thompson have this in common 
I don't know who that is, but his middle initial makes him sound important.
It's been 11 hours sinc you've posted this and I still don't see an opinion. 
I thought i made my opinion pretty clear in the post
PSA: guys, It's OK to be single.
Unless you've been single your whole life...
Nope, it's great.
I'm pressing pause on my life and career back home and going backpacking through Asia
Oooh visit the Philippines :)  
Are you going to make a pit stop in India? You will love it!
Who is your favourite cartoon character
Toph
I also love the greatest earthbender in the world. 
I Leg Pressed 200lbs!
I can't do anything :I
Not true. You can take Shiva to the vet! :D
Oh yesh. That happened. 
:DD
Been consistently swimming again :)
Yay!!
Also, WHAT HAPPENED TO OUR MESSAGE CHAIN?!?
What chain?
What.
What time did you wake up this morning?
[deleted]
2:10AM, had a flight at 5:55am
I just asked someone out for the first time ever!
Hmm, seems to have been a trend around here lately. 
Buck the trend, ladies! Do it!
I finally made an appointment to see a psychiatrist at my school
I don't even know who I'd ask :/
In your school?
What are you giving up/challenging yourself to do for the 40 days following today?
Oh shit Lent starts tomorrow. I don't know! Masturbate less maybe, or just watch less porn? 
how do you define less though?
Instead of every other day, maybe only 2 - 3 times a week?
Does anybody else really love the rain?
I don't get how people love it, I hate the rain! Sun&gt;rain for me.
Are you in arizona, by chance? I've got the same thing :D 
*Nope, sorry.*
Someone else from AZ? Hello there!
I love the rain. I want to move someplace that is gray and has a lot of rain. 
Reddit.com/r/raining
Favorite Non-Alcoholic Drink?
Straight up water
Always good, how much you drink a day?
I use the XL Yeti and refill it 4-5 times per day
Them yeti's are huge, haven't seen them cheap.
Chocolate milk
That's my crack right there.
Coffee in the morning, but I enjoy tea in the afternoon. Water would also be a top 3 choice. 
Any brand coffee your rocking this week?
Cream Soda
Cola
60 comments and no one's said root beer. C'mon guys.
I like A&amp;W
They're great!
I got a bottle downstairs and been waiting till i'm done with the other stuff in the fridge.
Orange juice!
What brand?
I'm digging Trop50 right now. 
Simply orange all the way. They have a slightly mango flavored one that I absolutely love too. 
Water, peppermint tea, and strawberry soy milk. Occasionally coke zero. 
Black coffee, water and Sprite Zero. 
Use to love black coffee.
Use to?
I pretty much stopped drinking coffee.
I'm sending all my love to...
First! I get all the love!  Yay!
Yes, I'm pathetic.
Derrière vous!
Everybody get's a love ❤️❤️❤️
Then its not special if everyone gets it :(
You get one exclusive love from me ❤
Hey :(
You get one exclusive love from me ❤️
&gt; Derrière vous!
Does that mean Butt You?
&lt;3
Thanks, it is a happy Monday! I got my first kiss today and it was pretty dang great.
Thanks. I really needed this &lt;3
Anyone else feeling sad?
I hope you feel much better🤗
Nobody will talk to me
I'm here daily if you'd like to chat.
Hello from Vancouver also!
Hello! Just waking up...
At 2:30?
You watching the Oscars?
Asked a guy out for the first time ever
Gets a lot easier after awhile.  No is just a word.
Hopefully you two can stay as friends at least? Hope you'll feel better soon.
Do you ever have ideas so stupid they haunt you?
Hey man if it helps. I thought that was funny.
Meming ergo sum
What do you get if you combine the colour yellow and the colour blue?
*Yellue!*
I love it!
Tell me something good that happened today for you, no matter how exception or mundane. I'll start!
a friend came over for dinner BUT I'M OUTTA TIME AND ALL I GOT IS FOUR MINUTES...
What should I know about you?
I'm very open to any type of music, except post rock.
You gave country a pass?!
I feel attracted to my professors.
I like foreign language music 
Anything exciting coming up?
I'm hyped for the new King Kong.
There's a new King Kong??
Yeah, it's coming out march 10.
I'm going to see my favorite band next weekend. I missed them last year.
Trainspotting 2!
Pardon my ignorance, but what's that? 
*gasp* 
It's a tale about heroin addicts 20 years after the first one. Quite excited. 
Oh! That sounds exciting!! 
It is! First one gets better with every viewing.
My dad gave me $300 to go out and buy new cloths. I apparently wear too much black...
*Hey, I wear black all the time... but maybe it's because I am depressed.*
Blacker than the Blackest Black times infinity -Nathan Explosion
Where do you genuinely feel at home? (and why)
Tyne castle park. Gorgie in general actually.
How are you feeling?
T R A S H
R
A
S
H
I made a post on here about why a little earlier today.
I just had grilled cheese sandwich for the first time and it was amazing!
put ham on it boiiii
r/grilledcheese
Crepes.
/r/grilledcheese would like a word with you 
You know you have to have tomato soup with that, right?
*Why?*
You dip your sandwich in it. 
Because it's the *only* way to eat it. It's like pairing wine with your meal.
*I don't drink wine... I'm only 18.*
That's the legal drinking age here! 
What do you think the greatest pleasure in life is?
Security.  
If you have a secure job, secure home and a secure family it feels so content.
To crush my enemies, to see them driven before me, and to hear the lamentations of their women. 
What do you believe in?
Not much, that's also why I don't have much to lose these days.
tangibility
What kind of proof are you talking about?
Tell me about your username.
I really, really, just want gold for once.
I'm fat and im in denial.
Uh... 
Lmao. Surely you're an above average slut. 
My GoFundMe just got fully funded!
I hope you choke on that ice cream.
Gofundme will take $3 of that. Also, buy cheaper ice cream.
Lets compliment each other!
I appreciate you :)
I LIKE FRENCH FRIES 
Is there a particular restaurant you like that serves the best fries? :) 
u/MisterDrProf is best mod!
Life is good my friend.
Awesome! Youmare fantastic and i hope you have an amazing weekend!
What are your favourite and least favourite sports?
Love swimming running frisbee, dislike football
I used to swim a lot. Then I changed states and I couldn't do it anymore because I was alone.
I like to watch Pool, and Bowling, and Nascar, and Tennis.
Interesting mix, what kind of bowling is that?
Just regular I don't really like the trick shot bowling that much.
Give me an opinion you feel strongly on and I'll do my best to argue against it.
The only things we have in life is others, and time.
I went on a 30 minute run today.
I dont think I could even run 3 minutes.
CC, what can you talk about for hours?
National borders and vexillology.
Sports, TV shows, hip hop 
So, what video games have you been playing lately?
I just found out about World of Tanks for PS4.  It's so great.  
What song have you been playing on repeat lately?
Bad religion- honest goodbye 
I wonder how many posts on Reddit are completely made up
All of them, including yours
Never let the truth get in the way of a good story. 
You really think someone would do that? Just go on the internet and tell lies? 
I got accepted to college!
Nice! What program? 
Commerce. Don't know what area yet
I got my permit today.
Just got dumped today. Anything to lighten up my mood?
I've never had a girlfriend so things could be worse...
the wednesday questions - 5 of 'em
1. Because I like it
2. Yes
4. Germany
5. Yes!
what do you like?
Physics :)
bluuuuargh science
Aw :(
hahah jk ur too smart for me is all
Nah, I have no idea what I'm doing
I just had to call the police for the first time ever, because a kid with a hammer just tried to attack my cat.
999? Where are you?
Install cameras 
What color were the kids
Cameras are a good idea. And they were white.
Wow that is just shocking..
Why... Would it have been less shocking if they weren't white?
Statistics mostly.
Are you a racist?
Casual converversation. lol
I'm not sure I could let my cat outside unsupervised after that. I'd need closure of some kind.
I jusy found the tablet I lost a year and a half ago. Guess where it was?
Why was it in your sock drawer and did you discover any other treasures there?
Nothing new. Don't remember putting it there, can't imagine why it was.
I'm always putting shit in weird places in my sleep. My favorite spot seems to be the oven
My dad had lost his for about 3 weeks. It was sitting on the fucking treadmill haha
The old one can be your reddit tablet.
I found out that one of my co-workers actually care about my love life, or lack thereof
I think she likes you &lt;3
I think she likes me but not like that haha. She's engaged :P
I just drank all night. That's pretty much what I do these days.
Aww why? 
Major depression is a real bitch.
I bet it is :( I hope you get better though
Have any albums to recommend?
Business as usual - men at work 
Opinions on the color #99FFFF
I like it. Makes me think of those pictures of houses by the ocean. 
So, I got carded to see a rated R movie today. I'm 25.
What movie was it?
People have said that I look as young as 19. I'm 24.
You'll regret wanting it when your old.
I really doubt that. It's extremely frustrating having people treat you like a teenager. 
Are you a guy or a girl?
I got carded to buy beer today.  I'm 44.  
Was the waiter fishing for tips? A friend once told me she does that all the time. 
Deleted every social media account I had a week ago. Let's talk!
How are you on reddit then ?
What are you planning to do on your Sunday?
I'm working today
Eeeeyyyyy!!! Me too!!!
Holla! But, I work from home. So it's mostly Pandora and smoking pot until a ticket comes in. 
Work at half 4 (45 minutes) finish at 10pm probably. Love Sundays. What are you doing op? 
My sunday is 10 minutes away from being over haha
Laundry and reading 'In Cold Blood'  
That is such a great book ! Have you read it before ? 
Was gonna go hiking but went out last night and woke up way to late this morning 
planning to have a beer and nice sleep 
figure out the logistics of getting divorced.
I'm starting to think CasualConversation is the new Portland...
Does portland really have an outlandish mayer like the one in portlandia? 
I've never seen Portlandia.
wow
I know, I suck.
Just finished Master of None season 2
Is the whole season in italian and black and white? I couldnt get through the first episode...
No. Keep watching. 
Okay good ill put it back on lol. I switched over to malcolm in the middle tho
Alright, I'm not the only one that watches.
Nipplesandtoes23
Coca-Cola vs Pepsi?
Water
Coke all the way. No one can convince me Pepsi is better. No one. 
Pepsi is better. 
Falling in love is a foreign concept to me. How do you know you are in love?
For me, it was when cheesy love songs started to make a lot more sense. 
When the thought of being without her was so horrible that it made me want to vomit. 
Nice try, cyborg.
Gotta love Saturday nights
I work saturdays till midnight :(
But at least you have fun :)
I watched Doctor Strange and really liked it! Also took a nice afternoon nap.
I never watched that, is it out on digital music stores?
I picked it up from a Redbox, so probably!
Ah alright, I'll see in my Google Play Movies and TV app :D
Episode Four of the Casual Conversation Podcast!
Heya ! How do I listen to it ? The RSS link brings me to a code page...
The blue Link that says link click that 
Thats bizzare it opens SoundCloud for me lemme.edit 
well if you want a casual conversation perhaps leave the politics
its saturday night. tell me one thing, and only ONE thing, about your IDEAL partner. we try and work out from that what it says about you!
I need sarcasm in my life.  Someone who can give as well as they get. 
Someone who wants to share my hobbies with me.
My husband calls socks, underwear and the like small clothes and I think it's adorable.
This. Is. So. Fucking. Cute.
Has he recently read the Game of Thrones books? 
Or played Dragon Age?
Haha that's cute. The first thing that came to my mind after seeing this is 1984's newspeak
Haven't read 1984 yet, is it worth the read?
Holy fuckamole the girl I like actually said yes and I'm actually blown away
Nice, that's never happened In my 25 years of living 😐
Some people go through their whole lives like that.
Congratulations!
I'm 22 Yrs old @ home on a Friday night AGAIN. Am I part of the homebody trend? Are you?
I'm 30 and at home. Playing D&amp;D though so I'm being social.
&gt; Playing D&amp;D though so I'm being social.
That's an oxymoron right?
Best albums to listen to?
The magic Whip - Blur
Favourite Worst Nightmares - Arctic Monkeys
Humanz - Gorillaz
What's your favorite gas station snack?
Soft pretzels, if WaWa ever friggin' brings them back.
Peach rings and an icee. da bess bro
Casuals, what's the dating range in your opinion?
I'm 20, probably about 17-23/24
Fair enough! 
Must be noted the legal age here is 16 and not 18 in case you think I'm a predator haha
Canada?
0-0. I have never dated anyone before. 
You'll find someone bud! 😊
I've saved up enough money, did all the research and am gonna buy a hamster.
That's awesome. What are you gonna name it?
Not sure, haha haven't thought about that yet
I Vote for Bubbles.
I second this
His name is Greg. 
be careful - don`t drop it ! 
Lol I won't, I swear 
Oh i loved my hamster as a kid! You have a named picked out for yours yet?
That's awesome 
Happy Friday! Any weekend plans?
I work all weekend at my second job so it will be busy to say the least!!
What's your job? Good luck, you've got this! 
Cashier at walmart. Not a fan of it but it's only temporary until I get back on my feet.
Stay positive about it and you'll do great! 
Thank you! I'm going back to school in September so it's only for a couple more months!
Where do you go to school? 
I will be going to University of Ottawa in Ontario, Canada.
Cool! Canadas that place with all the doughnuts and the money has holes, right? 
Prom and Civ V
Riding my bike, playing soccer with my friends.
Weekend Chat Thread - Time to sit back, grab a cup of coffee, relax and talk about anything really.
Welp, since the mods took down my post, I'm 18 today.
Appreciate it my man
My week was good. Except I accedently shot a paper airplane at my crush
Unpopular opinion - I prefer Oreo flavour things more than Oreos themselves.
How does it feel to be so wrong
Pretty good 
Oreo Cadbury dairy milk is amazing. Would eat over an Oreo. Also Oreo blizzards. 
Oreo blizzards are definitely better than oreos. Agreed.
One upping with royal oreo blizzards. Heaven. 
I honestly think royal blizzards are kinda dumb
Most of this post just makes me sad. Oreo everything! I even named my cat Oreo, lol!
What is your favorite band?
Alabama shakes are awesome. They have a very unique sound. Blues rock is their thing.
Arctic Monkeys
Pink Floyd
Sigur ros for sure, followed by Radiohead. 
You are my friend now
Haha Sigur Ros and or radio head fan? 
Blink 182
Snarky Puppy
Dream Theater .. followed by Big Wreck!
Currently I'm really into Ghost. 
Anyone else have a weird addiction?
Popcorn and cold treats like snow cones, popsicles, etc. Eat them both several times a week.
Sweet or salted?
Reddit is my Addiction lol😂😂😂😅😅😅
Vent at me. Get whatever you need to talk about off your mind here
I'm tired! 
I'm starving!
I don't know what we're venting about!!!
I don't know what to tell you!!!
I've been depressed and suicidal and in constant mental pain and suffering for 9 years.
What's it like?
Does anyone else subscribe to some subreddits that are totally irrelevant to you?
I'm subscribed to r/tall. I'm five feet tall, exactly. I should not be there. 
Similarly, I used to be subscribed to both bigdickproblems and smalldickproblems. No idea why.
I am Subscribrd to justnoMIL. I am unmarried and single for last 3 years. 
r/newzealand because of that one time with the fryders
Tornadoes across my state today. Kind of nervous. What's the weather like where you're at?
Oklahoma here. So I'm in the path too, here's to hoping for no tornados!!   Stay safe! 
I'm an Oklahoman too! Yes, you stay safe as well and keep your eye out. 
/u/nowhatsyourname
Yes? 
It's a mix of snow and rain here in Colorado 
It's just cloudy here. It's like 90F but cloudy. It's supposed to rain later this week. 
Same homie. Kansas sucks. Was gonna go flying for my bday but nope shit weather. 
Please talk to me while I'm dealing with an anxiety attack. Please.
Hey, warrup.
How old are you?
22
Oh, we are not that far. I'm 26 y.o.
Do you still remember/have a favorite pokemon? 
Cyndaquil. Got teased as a kid for liking those games 
What kind of music or movies do you like?
Don't listen to much music. Like most films 
How goes?
How do you think?
ASL?
Btw I'm 20/M England!
22/M/America 
you ok kid? veteran anxiety sufferer here. 
Not really 
Heya, everything ok now? How are you?
I'm feeling pretty goddamn devastated right now 
Anything you want to talk about or should I steer the conversation in another direction?
Hello.
Sup
What's your five year plan?
I don't have one. Is it normal to have it? 
I guess it would be not fuck up to badly
I'm graduating from high school today! :)
Did they play Congratulations by Post Malone afterwards?
Yeah, they did, of course. But I kinda didn't notice until my mom told me. Haha.
Yeah that's the go-to graduation theme this year lol.
This song has to be EVERYWHERE!
I have a weird fear and want to hear everyone else's!
Idk if it's weird but I am afraid of wasps, bees etc of all kind.
If life was like a video game (think Skyrim) what would be the title of the current quest you are on?
I'd be just afk with no quest or anything.
The Caretaker as I am currently that for my grandparents!
Ah, and honorable question. The rewards will be great! Keep up the good work
I'm still in the options menu after 29 years.
Oooph. We'll find you a quest! What do you like doing?
Sitting. And doing nothing. 
Any side quests? 
I always focus on the main story quests.
Don't be a useless piece of shit - Quest failed. 
New quest, redemption, time to be a badass gained!
Get into School 
Not a quest persay but transfering all my items to a new location lol
Darkness eternal: Beat the demons residing in the inner sanctum, known as your soul.
The end is near- 2 days of high school left
The beginning is near- 3 months til college starts
Hey this seems fun.
Too bad I'm still at the tutorial after all these years.
I'm 25. I remember every person I've ever kissed since I was ~6 years old.
It's easy when you haven't. 
I remember every person I've kissed because it's only been 1 and I married her :)
I'm 26, and I can remember. It's only 6 people though. 
Like, romantically kissed? I do but that's mainly because I count that on one hand. 
Describe yourself... really...
I just want a cute girlfriend lol. Can't talk to girls though, so that's a problem...
My nightly check-in
I feel sad, honestly. I'll get over it. I force myself to keep going.
You're that person who wants to write a book, right? You PM'ed me once.
You're a warrior &lt;3
Thank you:) I don't always believe that but I try.
did you check out my poetry? 
Yes! I really like it. You're talented.
Can I share something that I'm so proud of?
Share it!
I saved someone's life today! I'm still amazed by that
Did they thank you? were you applauded?
Where are you right now? What are you doing?
Chilling in my house, boi.  Watching YouTube.
Middletown nj and suppose to be sleeping.. but im on here
I am at home waiting for my YouTube video to finish uploading. 
How long do you have to go? My videos always take hours. 
Finally got it done and uploaded! Only took about an hour (which is fast for me)
Sitting in a TX  hotel working on some doodles
Ohh, anything specific, or something planned?
reading a book 
What traits do you guys find physically attractive?
Killer rack
What's a rack? English is not my native language.
Being able to make me laugh 
most people like tall white guys. 
Glasses. I don't know why, but glasses increase the attractiveness of women by 60% in my eyes.
Freckles, perhaps. I haven't really dwelled on 'why' too much.
Ask me a question that everyone knows the answer to, and I'll answer slightly wrongly. Somehow.
Obviously not.
How many dimensions are there?
There are 4 dimensions that we regularly interact with. Seeing, holding, music and flavour.
Is the 3rd dimension music?
No.
what is the 3rd dimension then?
When things stick out.
erm...
They just brought out 3D movies, go watch one of them and you'll see.
No I meant something else......
And I answered it completely correctly.
It just reminded me of something
I'm in contemplation mode hold on
Ok, I won't reply to that comment.
but you did
How did Trump become President of the USA?
He won the popular vote.
Who let the dogs out?
A group of Bohemians.
Lol
where things stick out I don't regret buying this energy drink now
I need to break out to ask wtf you are on about in this thread!!??
That was hours ago... My energy has drained
Never mind, I don't want to say
Would you like a scoop or two of icecream?
Three.
Greedy bugger.
How many ears does a snail have?
What is a man?
A miserable little pile of secrets!
Are you virgin? :P
Well you could say I'm not a virgin anymore.
Since you all royally fucked me with questions that NOT EVERYBODY KNOWS THE ANSWER TO
In that case, why did the chicken cross the road? 
He acts on animal impulse, there's no why, only evolutionary reassurance 
I actually managed to keep a reddit account for an extended period of time and not delete it.
I've had several over  the years and they were all banned
Why's that?
Hate speech and such 
Uh... do I want to know more about this?
I don't think so
Alrighty then.
Cool that you asked. Will be celebrating a 100 days on Reddit tomorrow 
Nice, may I ask why you created it in the first place?
I was bored ( just like I am right now), and Reddit seemed like a pretty good place 
A tale as old as time.
i had this account for 3 years now, and my facebook is from 2009.
Do you still use facebook?
I had this one since dec 2016. I created this out of curiosity
Curious about reddit?
I heard it from some site so I joined. Looks like a cool site
Does anyone else never drink ALCOHOL Like me?
I cant imagine my life without beer 
Have a question that has no answer? I'll have one for you, post here.
Why are things the way that they are?
A wizard did it
Who made the wizard
It made itself!
What's the wizard's name?
What is the colour of jealousy 
A faded green
really?
What is the best method to use when painting legumes? 
There is not a best method, just use the one that you like the most and find yout own style
Are dumb people generally happier than intelligent people that think too much? 
Do blondes really have more fun?
When will I die?
Sometime between today and 2100.
What do I do with my hands!? 
Don't cut them
FUCK
And what if I've already done that?
Quick!! Put them back!
How do I get into college?
Studying hard and be rich
Why has God abandoned us? 
Did he/she?
God is a guy. -_-
Is he/she?
My religion says he a guy.
Nah, we are not certain of that.
I am not certain of who i really am :( 
Will Trump resign or be impeached?
I like your answer - thank you :)
Why sometimes I can be so dumb? 
Why did you decide to do this?
It's fun
How do you know if someone is sad if they only show it when theyre alone?
To what extent was feudalism a cause of the French Revolution?
I know this one but I'm to lazy to write it. Do you mind google it?
How many oak trees are needed to build an 18th century triple-Decker Royal Navy battle ship?
How can I be good at math?
cheating?
But I want to be an engineer :(
Why are there more bad people than good? or is that just my mind being pessimistic?
How many numbers in pi?
Only one. I work in base pi. 
which number then?
10.
why 10? 10 slices? I imagine that
does the universe have an end?
Can minds really be read? or is that just a myth?
Nah, is a myth
is food on your mind rn?
What goes inside a body, excluding the spirit?
Organs and a lot of cells
and blood
Do all questions have answers?
why is there a waste of time when there are people who think that time is infinite?
Because is not infinite for humans
The Afterlife though?
Why did my dad see the number 43 throughout his life, and then die at the age of 43?
If there are questions with no answers, are you the answer?
No, the answer is a wizard did it
Lol is it Harry Potter?
How many subreddits are on this site?
pfffff! A lot!
There's no logical number...
stumped you again
How do people count how many other people are in the world?
Why did the idiom, Don't judge a book by its cover, speak to me in an way I can't describe?
Will I ever get a boyfriend?
Who was the best Beatle?
WHY ARE CATS SO WEIRD
Will you answer this question?
Today its my birthday!
Working until 0630AM What is everyone up to!?
Working until 5am!
Nothing much. looking at jordans,and just floating around on reddit
Best looking Jordans in my opinion: Jordan VI circa 1991 in black
those r pretty dope. I like jordans 1- 14. I like the 16 and 23s though
When I was a kid I had a pair of 1's handed down to me. I wish I would have kept them haha. 
What's your favorite pair of shoes?
Jordans. $80 shoes. I don't mind
Crocs. They're comfy, they float, and they're easy to slip on and off.
I love crocs! I had a hideous pair that's yellow and now I have cute turquoise ones ;)
How's everyone tonight?
I'm doing pretty good😀😊☺🙌👍
Nice! happy to hear that!
How are you doing today?
That's awesome you like writing poems and quotes?
Of course, I love to uplift people! &lt;3
That's awesome keep up the great work🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
I will. I hope I uplifted you &lt;3
You did it's great to know that are nice kind people in the world.
There's a lot of us. It's hard to find us, but know we're here...
Thank you soooo much😇😇😇😇😇
You're a star that shines &lt;3
🤗😇😙😚😘
Aw, I'm uplifting you! You need it.
Yes I sure do.
cant complain. depressed for 2 years.idk
Hello😀😊☺🙌👍
Downvoting posts
Someone made a bot to downvote me. I was almost honored by the devotion.
You play Bard?
I don't understand the question. But the answer is yes.
oh, i thought you played league of legends. As Bard is one of the characters you can play
What line from a movie/book/song still sticks with you.
For me it's a line from endeverafter song never hesitate when you know you're going to act
I finally found the first alcohol I like.
I tried Rakija the other day for the first time.  Was pretty good.
Why should you be called anything? It's YOUR drink of choice. And that's pefectly fine!
Hey there!
I just woke up. Feeling real groggy right now
Mondays are like that for me too.
I stayed up until 3AM, I hate insomnia :(
Oh, I hate that.
Working an overnight shift (11pm-7am) and would love to chat!
R u Sara Reddit whore
How rude.
Same
Same.
What are your week plans?
Hanging out with someone on Tuesday, but so far that's my only plans for the week. 
Did anyone else hate prom?
Didn't hate prom.
Promposals, however, can die in fire.
Thankfully promposals weren't really a big thing when I went to high school.
Same here! I graduated in 94. You either asked someone out or someone asked you out. Simple.
I deactivated my Facebook account.
I joined facebook when I was 17 and quit facebook when I was 18. That place is a hell hole.
A tad ironic considering the front page of Reddit, half the time.
Graduated college today and I still feel like there's an assignment I'm forgetting that's due tonight at 11:59.
I'm looking forward to that in a few months :)
What did you major in for your degree?
whatdja major in?
Haircuts!
I cut my hair yesterday! It's the shortest I've been lol
How short did you get it? :D
It's saturday night and I'm home... bored!
Hello!!! how are you?
I'm doing pretty doing pretty good thank you so much for asking yourself? 
I'm pretty good too, thanks. whats are you doing?
I'm listening to True Crime Garage and I'm posting on Reddit. 
is it a band?
Nope it's a Podcast 
Oh. Never heard of it... What is it about?
Serial Killers.
True Crime.
Where do you hear it?
The Tunien Radio App.
What are your unpopular opinions?
I don't like pie. I also hate icing so eating cake is weird for me. 
I'm pregnant! Holy crap
congratulations on your ability to reproduce, enjoy your spawn for the rest of your life. 
&gt;tfw can't reproduce.
tfw? 
Congratulations! Good luck with your baby! 
Thanks!
:D I hope you have an easy pregnancy! Love the username btw!
you are going to regret it at some point
Oh bless your heart.
wow, you did the sex, time to pollute facebook and lose friends
I'm sorry that sex is so difficult for you. I'm sure you'll find out how to do it eventually. :)
I don't know who I am. Anyone else feel this way?
Don't let others define who you are
YeH, thanks for the reminder. Appreciate it.
Is this  sarcasm
No not at all. It was genuine thanks. I tend to forget that when I'm feeling all low and sulky. 
IS THIS SARCASM? /s
I'm 40, you never really learn who you are. 
What's on your mind at this time?
Just how late I'm going to stay up, I woke up super late today and didn't get to do much. 
Same here, time went so fast for me. Just take your time.
Stress, Studies, Moving, Everything, Life
same, but without the moving part.
I need to buy hamburger buns.
For what occasion?
Ask me questions that's you edit after I answer, to make me look as sick as possible.
What is your biggest fear in life?
Dying a slow painful death all alone 
I love this game so much. 
What the last text you sent?
I don't understand the point of this, help?
Just to make a funny interaction :)
More on things that are pointless
What's your favorite pick up line?
What do you do to spiders in your house?
What is your favorite thing about yourself? 
What creature are you afraid of and why?
could you say yes?
Sure?
What's your favorite pizza topping(s)?
Pepperoni!
Mine actually do ahhhh
Favorite animal, and why?
What would you do if you saw a bear running up to attack you?
How much does a killer whale weigh? 
What do you think of snakes?
Can Brendan Fraser make a comeback?
Not sure who that it is 
Now this is the kind of quality post, I **LOVE** on /r/CasualConversation 
I will never not upvote Drake and Josh references.
Except when we're suddenly inundated with the same post over and over.  
What do you like to do with bubble wrap?
What is the worst thing you could do to your spouse?
Yes?
I've only ever liked ugly guys
Everyone's attracted to different things. That's humanity ;)
I mean, that's arguable, since 95% of women love Ryan Gosling....
Yeah well, all of us wish we could be Ryan Gosling. He's basically a living Adonis
It me, your ugly guy. 
👅👅👅👅👅👅👅😍😍😍💯
Ten bucks says your favorite Disney princess is Belle
lmao it would make sense but it's actually Pocahontas
nevermind you're not the person I thought you were
i didnt want you to find out this way pls im sorry
to think I grew out my body hair for you
dont shave it pls ill do anything
speak to me in French
parlez vous francais
No. French is seductive. It should only be spoken by girls.
all french men are now banned from speaking french
I can't think of a nick name for you
Mommy
just so you know i now hate myself for making that joke
Leave the jokes to me. You just focus on having pretty hair.
I'm looking for a new show to watch
The Flash!
iZombie
Jessica Jones
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
I have seen all of those except for iZombie. It has an actor I like in it (Bradly James)
New season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is coming out in a few days, so there's that!
Have you seen Archer?
Give me your top reason to live.
to complete a collection.
A collection of what?
Got accepted to medical school after another year of applying.
Congrats!! That is so much to have accomplished. Keep on being amazing!
look for his username... his dream has come true... 
That's a hell of a story. Incredibly inspiring. Goo work, and keep it up!
Thank you, and I plan too good sir/ma'am!
Damn you dropped that prostitute bomb like it's nothing
What are you doing right now?
Sitting on the toilet!
That's where I do a lot of my phone stuff lol. 
Taking a warm bath bruh! 
I'm posting on Reddit 
Wow, me too
Tell me about your first concert experience!
I'm 22 and have never been to a concert. 
I've actually never been to a concert
I'm 15 and have never been to a concert. What am I missing out on? D;
What are you doing this weekend?
Studying! I have finals starting on Monday. 
i love you all
Can I get a hug as well? :)
yes! :) *hugs you tightly*
May I have a hug as well?
Is it because of my poems? I sense that.
I love you too, OP. :)
I love you too! I'd send virtual hugs if I could! :) 
aww thanks :) i think you can. *hugs*
Some people here are stealing my shtick! I LOVE IT!!
*Nana internet hug!*
haha i'm glad you loved it :) *hugs back tightly*
*takes in hug gratefully*
Thanks! :)
😀😉😊☺🤗🙌👍
❤😁😘😘😂❤
i have exams next week so i'm a bit nervous but feeling great for now. how about you?
I'm doing pretty good thank you soooo much for asking 
We love you back!
Love you too ❤ 
But not as much as upvotes. I fucking love upvotes!
haha i can only give you just one upvote tho, i would give you a lot more if i could 😁
I can talk your ear off about hip hop music, video games, or lifting. What topic can you talk about for hours on end? Let's talk!
Hello😀😎😊☺😉🙌👍
Hello 
I had a fine day, lots of tomfoolery. How about yourself?
I'm doing great thank you soooo much for asking 
Sea Turtles make me happy.
I like pandas, so big and yet so fluffy and confused :)
PANDAS &lt;3 I have one of those fun, rhyming names! PandaManda :D
I assume you like pandas as well ^^
Red Pandas!!!
YASSSSS!  Baby fox panda things!
Dont you just love coming online to an orange inbox?
For sure.
Indeed.
Indubitably.
Definitely.
Absolutely.
Guaranteed.
Certainly.
Unquestionably.
Verily.
Assuredly
Undoubtedly.
I get very excited when I see I have more than like three unread messages.
I wonder who is going to troll me today?  -- usually my first thought.  
I better get one after this.
Hope that helps :)
I do! It doesn't happen very often though 
I get a little anxious because I'm expecting a rude comment or reply. 
Always among the happiest moments of my day.
Anybody online??
Would you want to live forever?
Yes. I feel like it doesn't matter how long my life is, it'll never be enough.
Oh hell no, that sounds absolutely terrible.
[SFW] What are some of your more innocent romantic wishes?
Simply holding someone's hand, letting them know you're there and you're on their side. 
Being comfortable in nature, just the two of us. 
Forrests, Lake, mountaintop, I don't care. 
That sounds super fun
Slow dancing.  *sigh*  
Why the sigh? Are you lacking a partner?
My 11 year old son
&gt; In confidence
Ye ok
What a good kid. you should be so proud
How on Earth would an 11 year old know he's gay?
He likes dudes instead of girls
Hey guys, what are you drinking right now?
Good ol' water!
After downing a can of Monster. My dietary habits aren't great.
I've probably drank 3 gallons in the past two days.
Apple juice like a little kid.
Kava tea with some hazelnut creamer, sweetener, and cinnamon
What the hell are you drinking???? 
Black coffee, I am still at work trying to make it. 
Coffee! Trying to stay up to do a bit of studying. 
Fun useless facts?
So many. 
Give me a category!
Um. Butts. 
The horned helmet often misattributed to the vikings was actually used by the Celts!
Dinosaurs are pretty neat, aren't they?
ever heard of chaos theory?
Dinosaurs are super cool.  I wish we could figure out what they actually looked like.
What color were they? They could be any color and we will never know.
Right?  Were they gray or green and dull, or brightly colored, or spotted or striped.  
Would if they were bright pink?
My twin memorized every dinosaur species when he was 3, no joke. 
Well damn, now that's some real talent there.
Not really. Just the same beasts as we have now, but bigger. 
Prove it.
I'm a witch and I'm also bored
What do you mean exactly by witchy stuff ?
Witchcraft related thing, like spells and stuff.
Do you believe that theses things are real ?
totally off topic: puppy size elephant or elephant size puppy??
How many hours of sleep do you usually get per day?
Probably 7-8 hours. Less if there is school
8 sometimes 7 
However, I've been feeling really tired lately 
Adequate. What gets you tired?
Less than 5
I try and get about 6-8 hours, but lately i'm getting about 6.
Bananas are pretty great
Best healthy smoothie ingredient hands down
They go in every smoothie I make!
What do you usually pair with bananas in a smoothie? I usually go with strawberries.
And they are slightly radioactive, too. :D
Vsauce or Veritasium? :D Everything is slightly radioactive. 
I read somewhere you will die if you ate 10 million bananas at once. Pretty sweet ending imo
I'm slightly allergic to them, my throat itches/closes up a little when I eat them. Worth it!
Everyone likes bananas, I mean come on, they have APPEAL
yeah. watermelon is better though.
Do you get anxious when you receive calls/texts from unknown numbers??
I get really anxious when talking on the phone so I usually just text or email 
same here. i find myself only calling like businesses for appointments or my mom.
What's the best thing that's happened to you so far in 2017?
I'm getting 50 back in overpaid tax. 🤔
Well hot dog, it's like Christmas
I'm finally getting therapy that works and I don't have to pay for it.
Got a new job where it's 15 min from home, pays for my car, and really well team spirit.
I cuddled with a (girl)friend in a tent going camping. It was my first time cuddling. Twas fun 
Life's going amazing for me right now. Tell me something good that happened to you this week!
Got the mortgage confirmed for my first ever apartment! I'M AN ADULT NOW!
AAAYYYYYEEE congrats! Where are you living?
How old are you
20
Are you the basketball youtuber guy
Probably not the one ur thinking of lol I only have 800 subs those guys are close to 1 million 😂
I beat my mile time by 41 seconds! Went from a 13:56 in February to a 13:15.
Casuals, what's your favourite song currently?
Reptilia by the Strokes. Nice beat, nice lyrics, nice song overall.
Redbone and XO TOUR Llif3 
*Joy Division - Transmission*
*IF I EVER FEEEL BETTTTTER*
*REMIND ME TO SPEND SOME GOOD TIME WITH YOUUU*
Real - NF
My personal fave NF song is Grindin because I relate to it fairly easily.
All of Calvin Harris' recent collabs. Slide, Rollin, Heatstroke.
Slide has been played fairly regurlarly on my phone in the last few weeks.
Empire Ants from Gorillaz is my jam ATM. 
Off of their new album?
Three word story!
A man attacks
The handsome prince
with a big
, painful rusty-ass
back scratcher from
with a shovel
Made out of
Clay and some
Rice and his
Trust pet pig
Ate it. Later, 
the man found
A brand new 
notepad with blue
covers and a
boxed shaped box. 
The box contains
Another smaller box.
An inside that
there was a
But then suddenly
Onion ring horticulture 
is a delicious
Food if you
grow it with
Lots of vodka
. My gramps always
Said that when
the onion rings
Are salty, that 
they will be
used for the
Sacrifice of the
Esotheric Order of
the onion god. 
That's why they
Twentieth anniversary adventure
Started on the
5th of may
When my wife
was having seisures 
So I helped
her into the
Car and we 
set it ablaze
7th of May
And it would
Impress my wife
If I did 
Some gnarly blow
Jobs to my
Broke ass cousin 
As it was
our daughter tonight!
After pinning her
down on the
Dirty garbage disposal
Welcome new users!
Hi there!
Hey, how's your day today?
Hello everyone! First time here! What can I expect?
I came here through r/makenewfriendshere. It's nice to stroll through the posts here.
Stranger
Danger
High voltage 
Wire
Telephone
Marriage
Rice
Cakes
*Things.*
Things
Scary
Blanket
Quilt
Patch
Dalmatian
FIRE! 
^(Oh god it buuuurns!!)
Ashes
*To*
Dust
Miami
Palm tree
*Dreams*
Clouds
*Sky*
Open
*Place*
Desert
*Dessert*
*Ice cream!*
Rocky road
*Farm*
Barn
*Family*
Bond
*James*
Brown!
*Pink*
*Dog*
White 
*Snow*
Flake
*Corn*
Bread
*Head*
Nurse
*Cold*
Beer
*Bear*
Black
*Lungs*
Breath
*Away*
Leaving
Do
*Be*
Are
*You*
Me
*And*
Ant
*Apple*
101
Code
Spy
*Bond*
*Lovelessness*
/u/MrManicMarty
*Hello*
**GENERAL KENOBI!**
^^sorry ^^couldn't ^^help ^^myself
Also, hi.
*Nice*
*Double nice*
*Awesome!*
*Combo!*
*Super!*
Clark
*Dude*
Bowling
*Ball*
Vulnerable
*Dangerous!*
The corners of tables.
*Oh*
my
*Father*
who
*Are*
In
*The*
dance
death
*What?*
*curtain close*
*The end*
Thanks! This has been fun!
Bed
Pillow
Talk
Whisper
*Scream*
Gollum
Creepy
Nope
Negative
Minus
Math
Illusion 
Reality
TV
Hypnosis
Pocket watch
Gadgets 
*Nokia*
Indestructible 
fortress
Tower
Gauntlet
Lanister 
Lion
Croissant?
French
*Italy!*
Shoes. 
*Spicy*
Meatball
*Pasta*
Olives
*Tree.*
Tall
Taco
*Tuesday?*
Yes!
*No?*
fries
Ketchup
*Mayonaise*
Chocalatine
Babel
Dash
hop
Hip
Fight!
Club
Penguin
Dr. Freeze
Arnold
Fatality!
Spine
*Poem*
Reddit
is fuuuuun
Friends
Star
Bursts 
Would anyone like to talk?
I'm kinda bored but I've got some things I should be doing. 
So, what's the weather like?
The weather is fine. It's soooo normal it's making me bored
What's normal? Hot, cold? Wet, dry? Why not go for a walk and try to find something new?
What does it mean to be kuaii?
Kauaii*
Kauai is an island that's a apart of the Hawaiian islands. I think your thinking of kawaii
Sure, I'm on class
What up
Sure man where you from? Replying from the great white north
I'm from upstate New York!
Who are you? Where are you?
Who here likes steak?
Steak is delicious but pizza is up there as well!
I'm in math class lol 
You could ask me any random question you think of
Yeah man, let's talk. What's goin' on?
You get an upvote! You get an upvote! Everybody gets an upvote!
Oprah, is that you? 
I've been found out!
So, uh...got any cars? :P 
I wish! 😫
Gave them all away, did you? ;) 
Can I get an upvote? Really need some of those :(
Gave you one!
I like to think I'm not a karma whore, but it isnt true.
Admitting it is the first step
Not to be greedy but while we're at it can I get some gold?
All I can give is an upvote. I has no gold.
Hi everyone. I heard they were giving away upvotes in here?
I am new in Reddit and I only have 1 post karma. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Really what?
we all get upvotes?
Everyone who comments on this thread at least lol.
Here to collect upvote.
I don't like upvote parties, have a downvote 
Have you ever gilded anyone before? You should try it 
Upvote me pls, OP! I got all of you as well. :)
You have a good day/night too! :)
Take care!
14 hours ago. Nooo, I'm too late for my free karma. 
Am I too late for the upvote party? Anyone? Hello?
What a nice thread you got going :)
Off school ill today, keep me company?
What's your funniest joke that isn't actually funny?
Are you really lucy? or you a 45 year old austic creep? (Op, not you Johan)
I'm Lucy. :) I try to avoid the 45yr olds tbh. 
truth
What do you wear to bed?
Just an old tshirt and my underwear.
Id feel tangled up if I wore a shirt to bed.
If I don't I kinda feel uncomfortable. No idea why though
Can I get a question?
*Hey, I'm ill, too! My head hurts and stuff...*        
     
*Also, truth.*
What is your opinion on pineapples on pizza?
My girlfriend threatens me with Arbys giftcards when I don't listen to her.
Try their roast beef. It's pretty tasty. 
I call it gray beef, and find it unpalatable. In fairness, I find all fast food to be crap.
Beef n cheddar is the way to go
We in the midwest call it pop. Sorry if you don't like what we call it here. 
I am in the Midwest and I refuse to adhere to your archaic standards!
I fuckin' love Arby's. Jamoca shakes.
What brings you joy in life ?
Tea as there's always new ones to try sort of all I've been into lately, not much else.
I fucking love bees
What's a stereotype about where you live that's actually true?
I'm from Minnesota and we really do say oop when we accidentally run into/touch someone.
Ah Minnesota, the Canada of the south. Is it as cold there as everyone says?
I am French. And yes, we eat frog legs. And that's freaking delicious ! :D
What do they taste like?!?!
Mines ok im having to cut like 8 pounds for my wrestling meet on Saturday
Ooh yikes, good luck and keep upright! I hear wrestling weight loss can be rough. 
Its awful I'd have to admit but its definitely worth it all part of the sport!
HEY! Peep my post history just bought some fire sneakers!
Favourite song atm?
Numb/Encore by Linkin Park feat Jay-Z
((Clear your mind here))
I will fold something. Like, on a post-it note. They come out tiny, like, 3 millimeters!
I am worried my friend doesn't like me and is only pretending to like me :(
You should ask them. That helped me.
I'm having constant panic attacks and it's driving me crazy. I want to cry 
Just got one of those new fidget spinners...
They look cool. I have one of those fidget cubes and I like that a lot. 
i was thinking about getting one of those too lol
They are cool. I like that I can play with it in my pocket without much notice. 
oh you must have either super big pockets or a little spinner lolol
They were actually made in the 90s, but ok. 
Did you ever got Reddit Gold?
Yes I have it now this is the second time I've gotten it.
Show us
How?
I've been gilded a lot, I also try to gild a lot 
somehow that fate escaped me for 3 years I'm here
Girls ask guys and guys ask girls!
Do girls/women take off their bras during physical exams?
Sure, girls of CC why don't any girls like me? Is it because I'm ugly? Boring? both? 
Why do you girls always look down or to the right when i catch you staring at me?
You find a genie that offers you 3 wishes
I can't believe that nobody is wishing for Peace &amp; Love &amp; Universal Understanding...
Clearly the reddit population doesn't include a lot of humanitarians of pagent models 
Just watched Guardian of The Galaxy 2
I hate the forced humor after a dramatic scene and I hate marvel and capeshit movies
It's not ripe. 
I loved the movie too. There was one joke that was way too forced though imo. 
Mind sharing which joke?
What's a career choice you remember considering as a kid?
Paleontologist, Archaeologist, Museum Curator, Ethologist, or a Biology Teacher
What are you having/did you have for dinner?
I went to Whole Foods and ended up getting Latin food and a brownie with an Oreo on it 
What kind of Latin food?
Tommy's 
What is the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear the word millenials?
I assume that whatever they're doing, they're making something worse (I'm Gen X).
Falcon
HAHAHAHAH THIS IS THE BEST COMMENT I'VE READ ♡ you have my respect. May the force be with us
Do you have a song that you're embarrassed to admit you like?
Iggy Azalea - Fancy
I'm 22 straight male and I'm fancy as fuck.
Taaaaaaaake ooooooon meeeeeeee!
It's finals week
Currently procrastinating my last take home final/
Sounds like you need the fanciest plate of pasta available to you to cheer you up.
Not even fancy
Just need comfort
It's decently warm here, which is nice since I'm working outside today.
Enjoy! 
Believe me. After 8 months of fucking snow and unrelenting cold, I intend to lol.
That's the spirit 
Mine's going alright. 
That's good to hear!:)
Weekly Self Thread - Tells us what's on your mind: introduce or promote yourself, vent or rant, celebrate achievements and talk about your romantic relationships.
**Vent**
There were ants in my cereal, I took a bite and swallowed some before I noticed.
I'm happy because today is my 18th birthday. :D
What part of the world are you currently from?
Turkey!
Vancouver, BC, Canada. 
I'm kicking back with a beer, what about you?
At work. Sitting like a piece of shit
Working. Eagerly awaiting the end of my shift so I can go grab a drink at the pub.
Nice, let's hope it goes quickly for you.
Here's hoping! only 5 more hours. 
Finished cleaning and packing my place for moving, now I'm relaxing with a bath. So needed.
Can't beat a good bath to chill you out, how long til your move?
I just spent 4 hours studying for my US History final exam that is tomorrow.
Ah nice, how'd the revision go? Do you feel ready?
My band sold out of shirts at a show, and I think that's pretty cool.
Got a photo of the shirt? 
What city(s) do you play in?
Someone to chat with!
Eh, I'm fine. I have a flu, but I think I'll get better.
Ugh, get well soon!! 
Thanks a lot. Just listening to some good music right now.
Uuh, what are you listening to?
Carry On My Wayward Son, Bohemian Rhapsody, Take On Me, etc... These songs are amazing
Hey there :)
Whatyawannatalkabout
Yeah, you! How are you? :D
Hello! 
What can I do that can make you have a better day?
Can you give me a jokey compliment?
I bet your pooping face is just the hottest pooping face I've never seen. 
😣
Give me some cash so I can go to the pub. $20 should cover it
Bored, stoned, in bed... Let's chat!
Hello! Whats going on??
I found out my now ex has been cheating on me...  so my heart aches a bit.  
Sucks.... do you know who the person who they cheated with is? 
No. He slept with multiple chicks.   Oh well
His loss then. Karma will get him eventually :)
Maybe...  It's just tricky.   I'm pretty upset   not sure how to move forward.. 
Hey!
🤔yeah pretty much the same.
You OK? 
What's your favorite fact about your favorite subject?
Google the Gimli glider.   It's a great story!!   
What's the freakiest movie you've ever seen?
Get Out was the most out there movie I've seen in a while. But nothing tops Dumplings. 
Hostel: Part 2
It was really unbelievable. 
Session 9
I successfully flirted with a person for the first time in real life last night
When's the wedding?
Do you like tendies?
Tendies?
I can never do that. You have serious guts. major props.
I'm sure you'll get there one day:) Being there with my friends definitely helped
I barely have any friends, almost all of them are busy
It's summer and I'm feeling like buying a videogame.
Warframe is free, I've played it for 1600 hours.
How new is it? 
it's updated just about weekly.
I mean when was it released? It said I'm in open beta but you said you have 1600 hours
Any of the Bethesda style games would be good.
Stardew Valley if you want to own a farm.
Have you played bloodborne yet?
Yes! Wish it was on pc so I can play it again :(
Such a good game man.. I might dive back in for a third time now that I have a game capture
OMFG Bonnie Parker (of Bonnie and Clyde) is my great, great aunt!!
I'm related to Bret Masterson, Wyatt Earps deputy.
What would you like to learn to do?
I'd like to learn to quit world of Warcraft.   Also, what job/career would be best for me
Not be a complete fuck up with women.
I would actually give my entire life to learn how to sing haha
Where have we all been? - the game!
Scottsdale 😩
Haha, not a country, but why not! Where is it and why is it so bad?
It's the furthest I've been from home haha 
Canada!
I have a few hours to kill, convince me on why your hobby is worth trying.
Is sleeping a hobby?
I'll allow it!
Ok then, you should try it! 
You should also try out fpv drone racing. It's pretty neat
If you tie a string around your finger real tight, you can make it turn purple.
I just found a secret stash of chips at my office. I am eating them in triumph
What kind of chips? How big a stash?
So how's your love life?
I'm married to my best friend. I was her first boyfriend. 
goals, man. nice.
I'm Pupsitting!
I LOVE DOGSITTING! GIVE THEM CUDDLES FOR ME!
ALWAYS!
:DDDDDDDD
:333
Well ima cuddle my puppy and you can't stop me! 
D:
MWAHAHAHAAHHA! 
BwaaaaaaHAWHAWHAW
I commend your evil laugh! 
Tank yu!
Don't tank me! Tanks are big and I'm not nearly that fat. 
TANKING!!
TANKS! 
TANK YOOUU
I'll tank YOU! 
yuh huh! 
Nu!
Why can't I tank you? 
Becuz
But I'm division 1 IN THE WORLD when it comes to tanks! 
Sent you a snap with proof! 
\&gt;.&gt;
So I most certainly *can* tank you! 
:(
why sad? 
What's your favourite film soundtrack?
Grease😍
Inception and Interstellar 
500 Days of Summer
Have you ever been made fun of for your taste in music?
I listen to black metal and folk music so when people ask what I like I just tell them punk. 
is it thursday already? geez! have 5 q's
1.) Don't drink.
2.) Don't drink.
3.) It's aight.
4.) You lookin' mighty buff.
5.) Dunno.
thanks dude, appreciate the compliments
1. can't
2. probably shouldn't
3. splendid
4. I see you
5. Zoe Deschanel is cute
you ... see me?
A huge, hard blue ice pack just fell out of the freezer and landed on my toe. Now it needs... you guessed it.
Im sorry about your toe, but I can't stop laughing.
Marketing complete.
How do you take your pizza?
&gt; Does pineapple on pizza make your skin crawl?
With excitement.
You monster. 
I'm a regular 28 year old American guy. I've seen a moderate amount of movies. What are some movies you're SURE I must have seen by now? What about ones I haven't?
Butterfly Effect? :-)
Yeah I saw that. I even saw the alternate ending.
Have you heard of beyond the lights? 
No, what's that?
Matrix
I watched The Matrix a billion times. I was obsessed with it as a teen.
You have to have seen Deadpool by now. It was Foxs most succesfull x-men movie by far.
I have, thanks to HBO go. Great movie.
Tell me about your day
got into the navy and got a new laptop. so i call it a great success than this past friday.  
What was the first thing you bought with your own money?
A box of Magic: The Gathering cards.
How long ago? I feel like this could apply to now or 1995.
Sometimes I message random people just to ask how their day is going.
I would hate that, but I have PMs turned off anyway.
Hey man, how's your day going?
If people were as friendly as you, OP, then the world would be a much better place. 
Right?
Oh man, I wish I had the guts to do this. You're cool, OP. Props to you.
It's just random people on the internet. Why be scared of them?
Anyone wanna chat with me about the book The Little Prince?
Watched the movie in class today, it also reminds me of my ex. Which is depressing. ^~^
Oh no!! I hope you feel better!! 
Anyone Else Not Attend Their High School Graduation?
Do it, then you can't regret later. I didn't want to walk either but I'm glad I did. 
So my wife is pregnant with our first child! Anyone care to share their stories of their first child?
Sleep now. 
She'll be fat
What's the best purchase you've made lately? I love my dry erase board!
I just got me a Pixel, am obsessed with it!
What is your biggest personallity insecurity? (If you have any)
I become quieter the larger the group :/
So R/CasualConversation, what are some of your favorite soundtracks from the games/movies you've played?
All of the Mario Galaxy music.
What's the point of running AC if you only set it to 75?
My ideal temperature is 4
Just 4.
yup
On a scale of 1-4. I knew you secretly loved the warm! 
Today I am ten thousand days old
It's not everyday that a cupcake gets eaten by a 10,000 day old human bean, happy birthday!
Let's have fun, shall we?
How am I going to die?
Who will be my first love?
*science*
What is my biggest flaw?
I have an iPhone
When will I be reincarnated?
She is also 20wks pregnant with his baby.
I assume when the baby is born...
Is the illuminati really creating a new world order?
Some have been proven to be plausible however
When will hitler rise again
When will I meet the one?
This genuinely made me laugh.
yea sorry buddy, I've got bad news for you.....
what is the meaning of life?
What should I eat for dinner?
What IS my life's true purpose?
What will be my object of study on my master degree's investigation?
I would study the hell out of Esperanto.
Will I ever get her back?
Where will I work in the future?
Do do be do or do do da do be do be do?
What will be my lifelong career?
TOUCH HER DICK!
What's my next big obsession?
Should I move across the country?
If your name is Mark or Tony, then yes! Possibly :D 
Damn, that made me laugh!
When will I get that Porsche 911 Turbo S?
Does the car you're in have wifi?
Well, that question wasn't as satisfying as I thought...
Will I have a girlfriend?
Yes, the fresh produce towards the end of summer is so nice :)
Talk sport, technology, education/science, or politics with me!
In your opinion, should we believe in the simulation theory?
Just woke up but I'm feeling pretty good thank you. How about yourself?
I'm doing pretty good😀😊☺🙌👍👏
Am I the only one who finds it annoying when straight people make a gay joke and always follow it up with not like there's anything wrong with that?
Anytime I say that it's just me quoting Seinfeld 
If you were trapped in a library for six hours, and you had to spend them reading, what would you read?
Probably a bunch of science books or books about planes
What do you do to cheer yourself up if you're having a bad day?
Even if I'm not in the mood to do so at first, writing really puts me in a good mood. 
Have you ever published or released a story? 
I treat myself to some sweets or my favourite soda then read.
Do you ever get the feeling where you just want company but don't want to talk?
This is when podcasts come in handy. :)
I love This American Life for that. 
The adventure zone is fantastic for this
Just watched Kimi no na wa ( Your Name) anime.
I hated the ending though!
I wanted more. ; _ ;
What is/are the strangest thing/s someone has ever complimented you on?
My hands.  Supposedly I have model hands. It's odd lol
I'm a guy and have been complimented on my eyelashes three times so far by ten or so girls.
I got told that I spoke well for a black guy. Uhhh... Thanks?
What's the one show you feel was the most fun for the actors/actresses to take part in?
Seinfeld or 90210
Parks and Rec. 
The entire cast of Always Sunny in Philadelphia. 
I'm practicing for a university trivia competition. Ask me random questions and I'll answer without google.
Who created the first programmable computer?
Strusep? That might be the guy who created c++
His name is Konrad Zuse and the computer's Z1 
In what country was Queen Máxima of the Netherlands born?
Somewhere in south america, Brazil?
So close! The answer is Argentina.
Can you list all of the Galilean moons?
What was John Lennon's middle name?
Winston
George Orwell's real name?
Eric Blair, big fan of 1984
Middle name?
Who is on the Canadian 50$ bill? 
Which elements are liquid at room temperature? 
Who invented the traffic light?
Knight?
What position did Big Wreck's Blown Wide Open reach on the Canadian Alternative Charts?
I love that song. 
What animal has the shortest life span?
Probably the mayfly or some other insect
Which actor starred in the first talkie movie?
Which countries flag was the first to reach the South Pole?
What's Israel's national animal?
I think it's some sort of partridge. Not really sure
It's the Hoopoe. Now you know. 
Which berries are used to give gin its flavor?
Which is the largest species of flatfish?
What is the larvae of the ant lion called?
Earwig?  No clue, not familiar with these insects
Doodlebug! 
How many ribs does man have?
24
Correct. What is the buccal cavity?
What did Dr. Alfred Kinsey study before he turned his attention to our sexual behavior?
Bees I think
(maybe birds too)
Close! It says the Gall wasp. I wonder why/how he changed subjects, lol?
he went from bees to birds and bees
How many muscles are there in the human ear?
I'm gonna default on the fibonacci sequence again and say 5
6
Close
How about a cats ear?
With what did the ancient Romans dye their hair with?
Just handed in my final dissertation - I never have to hand in another piece of coursework ever again!
I'm on my final year of high school, close enough, right?! 4 more years to go 😭
I am an open book...AMA
How many pineapples is too many?
Music Suggestions!
pick up the phone Travis Scott and Young Thug ft. Quavo
I can suggest you a lot of music what are your favorite genres?
Electronic and punk rock
The Vengaboys.
Lisa Lisa &amp; Cult Jam.
Stacey Q.
Expose.
Jeff Buckley's album Grace is always good. 
What do you want to do before you die?
See a girl naked 
Paint a self portrait. 
Build a House. 
Hang the self portrait in the house?
To have sex :(
I'd say get married and start a family, but that would be pushing it...
Im asexual, so im glad to be a virgin. :))))))))))))))))))))
Lol, I'm not though...
I have a paper due in 16 hours. I'm just starting it now.
I once wrote my 15 page semester essay 4 hours after it was due. You got this! 
This paper is only four pages, but I can't write for shit tho
What's it about?
How a certain disease/disorder (I chose Marfan's Syndrome) effects the body's homestasis
I wrote a final paper for a class once in about 2 hours. It was shit, but I still passed,
bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit
then repeat
Have you ever had an embarrassing username? (that sounded like a good idea at the time)
Eleven year old me thought that for my first email greaterkingofhell was a good name 
This one, which I thought was a clever name for a YouTube channel when I was 15.
*cue YouTube search for dotbomber95*
*cue me doing the same and finding out that some other channel ripped a lot of my videos*
Put a positive spin on yourself. Who are you?
I have a hobby that has made me exponentially happier than I've ever been 😁
What's your hobby?
Drunk as fuck. Let's talk!
Wjat type of dogs are Olivia and Max?
Olivia is a rat terrier, she's 7, and Max is a staffordshire terrier and he's 4 years old
Neat, do you have any pics? 
Just need someone to talk to right now.
Not bad. How about you?
Comme ci comme ca, as they say in France.
I'll give you three guesses as to which movie I'm watching.
I'm doing pretty good what are your favorite Subreddits?
What's you guys favourite band?
I love the arctic monkeys, it's hard to choose a favourite band but they're normally my no.1
Rammstein
Jukebox the Ghost or Ghost if I had to pick two favorites 
What's your favorite song from Ghost?
What are you procrastinating?
To distract me from the fact there's nothing on tv.
Gotcha. What sorta shows do you like?
Lots of important work for me, oh well, maybe tomorrow
Fictional Crushes?
Max from Life Is Strange. Mostly because we're very similarly written characters lol.
So you have a crush on YOURSELF?
~~are you fictional?~~
I would fuck me.
Spike from Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Good or bad. 
I deliberately left him out because I KNEW he'd be accounted for.
DVA
dats me! except I'm a tall curvy d.va who rocks a dorito belt and mt. dew nunchucks, lmao :p
my friends say I look like a male version of Mei.
well, Mei is hot af 
except when she's being a bitch in game but that's excusable 
What kind of cheese do you like?
Pepper Jack.
Never tried it, but I'd love to try spicy cheese!
I'd say Red Leicester.
Dill Havarti.
Mozzarella, Parmesan, and cheddar. Other than that I don't like cheese
[Possibly NSFW] Does anyone want to play a game of truth or dare?
Has anyone PMed you library nudes?
Unfortunately not, but maybe one day
I'm tempted to google some just so I can lol
ARE YOU A SUBSCRIBER OF THE /R/TOTALLYNOTROBOTS SUBREDDIT, FELLOW HUMAN BEING?
Nope, I've never even heard of it until now.
Sure...Truth.
How does one conduct a dare over the Internet?
Anyways, I'll take T.
Why don't you have a flair?
Truth me. 
I think I got in on time this time! Dare me, suckas! 
I'm at work. I'll take truth. 
This seams fun, hope I'm not to late. To make up for it, give me a truth and a dare!
Write your favorite color on your belly with a sharpie. Proof required.
I'll do a truth
I'll take a truth. Hit me, strangers.
Truth, hit me with your best 3! ;)
How many dicks have you sucked?
truth!
Truth 😎😎😎
I did my dare, I want a truth now!
Dare me.
Go outside and make a dinosaur sculpture out of whatever you can find.
Give me about 3 hours and I'll post proof!
Deal. I'll be sleeping, but I'm gunna check in the morning.
Is a T-Rex good?
Is that like a sharptooth?
-1 for the lack of feathers. +1 for the mystery puddle.
T-rexes had feathers?
What is the most embarrassing moment of your life so far?
Hell yeah. Truth
Which one of your relatives would you say is hot?
Bloody hell.
Not exactly hot, but my sis's kinda beautiful... Borderline hot
Hit me. TRUTH!
Do you wish your partner was different sexually? If so, how? 
I dont have a partner :(
Truth, fam. Hit me. 
Fuck it, hit me with a truth. 
tell me a melancholy memory
man, I don't remember anything melancholy. 
why not?
Truth me :4
Dare me, people!
Alright, truth.
Have you ever really hated someone? 
A few bullies for sure, I didn't have a fun time at school.
Meh, I'll play along.
Toss me a truth
Truth me beaches
First- happy belated cake day!
Second- What is the most fucked up thing you've ever witnessed?
1. Thank you!
2. Photo of my classmate doing you know what.
What's the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you in a public setting? 
I got an erection while benchpressing at the gym once!
Lol, did anybody notice? 
When in the past would you travel to? 
Just got $200 into my PayPal from a random redditor!
That's so cool! Spend it wisely :)
God didnt give you the money. The user did. It's not from Him. 
God gave him the user though. 
be careful for the chargeback 
They'd have to open a dispute, which I don't think they could win, given the messages exchanged
What was the last band/musician you were absolutely obsessed with?
Salvia palth. They only have the one album but I really love it. Discovered them on YouTube 
Beach House! They're so chill and surfer-y. Definitely helps me mellow out.
try wavves next
New posts are the best way to find new conversations
Let me guess, you are form Boulder colorado?
Hey guys, 
We should make a discord server or something. 
I don't know what that means but I'm game
I'm having a horrible, draining day. How's yours?
Come here and let me hug you :) 
Thank you. :) You're kind. Hope you're having a nice day.
group hug 
I hope things improve for you during the day :)
Who's awake?
more specific question/convo or just a chat? I'm up for either 
Hey there, I'm definitely awake.
Spring or Fall?
Australians where you at?
I'm an Australian living in Jerusalem for four months!
Anyone wants to share their artistic work?
my mom makes felt mice, they are very cute.
Happyyyyyyy!
Me too❤
Aww awesome! 💜😊😄😜😂🤙✌👌 What's got you so happy?
New music
hey same! Whatcha listening to?
Foo fighters
Ooh yeah they're good!
😍
I'd say my favorites by them would be Walk and Monkey Wrench.
I'm liking Everlong
Looks like I have some research to do... brb ;)
🙃🌮🤓
Found it. Listened to it. Loved it &lt;3
Alright❤
What else do you like?
Music wise.....I have a wide range. Sinatra to Ed Sheeran
same! I listen to classical, dubstep, rock, and almost everything in between.
You sound like me. I'll give anything a listen. I do shamelessly like pop music. Don't shoot 
I'm good went to my local town and did shopping today picked up some awesome chocolate brownies.
That sounds like a nice, normal day! Enjoy the brownies!
What are your hobbies?
I've started rock climbing, that's about all I do outside of work, besides going to the gym
Play guitar.
On my list of things to learn:) How long have you been playing?
/r/MechanicalKeyboards and /r/electronics.
Cooking! Everyone's gotta eat
True! What are your favorite things to make?
Anything and everything really. My dream's to become a chef after college 
Ooh that's cool. Do you have any recipes you could hook me up with? 
Totally, my favorite website is seriouseats.com. All their recipes are gold
I like reading.
I want to do more reading. Are there any books that you enjoy most above all?
I described who I am. I'm shocked it wasn't already taken!
I'd rather not say.
Wait, is that a numer I should call or something?
I loved the song that Dory sang in Finding Nemo ❤️
It just came to me one day.
I prefer not to know what you were doing that day..
It rhymed
Awesome username!
IT'S MY FIRST NAME
IS YOUR FIRST NAME MISTER?
Does pineapple belong on pizza?
Hail pineapple.
Pineapple is love, pineapple is life
Today is my birthday, I am now 19 years old. I don't wanna be 19. It feels like life is going too fast.
Happy birthday! What are you doing to celebrate? After uni, things speed waaaaay up. Sadly. 
I am doing nothing. I don't feel like celebrating.  
:( Not even pizza? Let's get pizza. Pizza makes everyone happy.
I actually ate some pizza today...
Did it help? If not, somebody get this woman some tacos and gin stat!
It was only one slice. One slice can't make me happy.
Damn it, Margaret! We must feed the craving!
I don't have any pizza left. My sister also wanted pizza.
/I'm just sitting here, thinking on why nobody wants to be friends with me.../
I'll be friends with you! :D
Thanks. Tell me something cool about yourself!
Anyone want to talk about music?
Hey, I'm looking for new songs to listen to!
Awesome! What's your favourite genre?
Rock/Pop Rock/Punk Rock/Alternative Rock. Basically rock hahaha
I just made my friends girlfriend cry
I was completely expecting you to make her cry the bad way, so that was a wholesome twist
yo she might want that D
&gt; not even her closest friends, or boyfriends. 
Does anybody else feel sad and lonely when they wake up after sleeping in the daytime :/ ?
I usually feel cranky!
What are you guys listening to right now?
My taste in music isn't that good, but well, rn I am listening to Chasing Cars by Snow Patrol 
You are going to get something!
I like things
I will try this. 
What hobby have you never gotten into but wanted to try?
Who is playing video games tonight?
Just playing some Battlefield 1 tonight
Me, of course! I'll be playing Horizon Zero Dawn.
Seems like an amazing game, too bad it isn't in PC
It's a good excuse to buy a PS4
Haven't smoked a cig in 24 hours : )
Heh I'm reading on my smoke break
You just won $1000/1000€! But: You have to spend it within the next 24 hours! What do you do?
Book the next vacation.  We're looking at going to the Florida Keys in September.  
Looks beautiful! Are you going with your partner?
Donate it all. I lived without the $1000, I can live without it. 
pay off $1000 in student loans!
What unpopular opinions do you have that no one seems to agree with you on?
Cats are better than dogs. :)))
I love cats so much. It's probably unhealthy. 
I don't care for live music.
What kind of music do you like? 
I... I don't care for The Beatles
just curious, why? 
Why don't you care for something you don't care for?
Ya just don't care.
America and the eu should stop all military involvememt in the middle east.
So that felt good
The Division Bell is Pink Floyd's best album
I totally agree with your last 2 bullets. Also, I don't like kiwis at all :P
What are your favourite music genres, and can you give some examples of your favourite songs?
My absolute favourite 2 EDM songs are desire remix by gryffin and faded by Alan walker :) 
Today is my birthday and I'm going to the zoo with friends!
Playing League of Legends with my cousins!
Are you all in the same room as each other or scattered in different places? 
I'm shattered, helped strip a house down to the bare bones this morning.
Are you in pain? How long does a job like that take? 
Happy birthday! It's my birthday too!
I just failed my drivers test for the second time
I failed six times. It's ok.
Hi! I'm not sleepy and bored! What are you doing?
pb&amp;j? or ham &amp; cheese
Ham and melty cheese, my friend. 
Got the J, but no PB. No cow juice too. 
have you ever tried adding garlic or garlic powder on the top of your toastie? delish
I'm gonna try that. Is that with butter?
I'm trying to adjust to a nocturnal work schedule so I'm staying up all night. Tell me how things are going for you :)
I'm a night owl. ^._.^
Aren't all owls though?
I just got off work, omce I head home im going to have a beer and then head to bed
I envy you! Sleep sounds...so nice
my boyfriend is moving out as i type this
Being single means you didn't settled. (Does that sound motivational?)
it made me smile :) 
Your undesirable and you deserve to be alone 
Fuck you
*settle. Sorry will see myself out.
No, stay. Was about to say the same.
You're a female,  you'll find someone new easily
I don't think that really helps, plus he's a guy.
You're wrong
Fun Facts about You
I'm right handed but left footed
What does that mean?
I've developed an allergy towards caffeine:( no longer able to take coffee or tea.
I want to get to know you better! Tell me about where you live.
NASA
So, Cape Canaveral and Houston popped into my mind just now!
One is correct...
I'm from the biggest small town in the state. Also, birthplace of Buddy Holly! 
Tennessee?
Nope, Texas! Lubbock to be exact. 
We built the Deloreon car from back to the future
That's awesome! I have no idea sadly. 
The same city is responsible for the titanic
Harlequin was born here. And polenta is the most popular regional food.
I'm from the land of coffee, craft beer, nature, hipsters, hippies, and keeping it weird. 
oh man, i just finished a h/w assignment with 3 minutes before it became overdue. how you people doing?
Way to pull through in the clutch. 
i tell ya man, hoo boy.
You deserve a beer, a shot or whatever else you do to celebrate 
hah i'm only seventeen, but i only gotta wait a year
Damn, iight kool aid jammers it is 
hah, don't got coolaid over here, maybe a glass of ribena ?
Wtf is ribena?
I haven't had homework since 1994.
Had a pretty bad day and just want a conversation
Hello, your user name made me hungry.
Just love Doritos to be honest 
Cool! So what's new?
Hello: 
Hit me with your best shot, I'll bounce it back. Nothing else to do.
Currently lying in a grave
That sounds like fun! How does it feel being buried down there? Is the soil nice and cool? 
RemindMe! 24 hours
S a m e
Im aliveeee just fell asleep in this hole
Crazy to think that we'll all be there one day
are you dead
I'm aliveee
U sure?
I'm still here,I think the gates been locked from the outside too I'm legit fucked
Cool bro, thinking about moving there soon.
You still in there after 7 hours OP?
I fell asleep in this ditch,not a good idea,yep I'm still here
Haha I imagine it isn't very comfortable, how much longer do you think you'll be there?
How did you bury yourself?
Personal choice
Still down there? How can you use your phone, are you in a casket?
Wifi of the camp is still on
What's your 'party trick'?
I know the Countries song from Animaniacs. 
I can wiggle my ears independently too
Also can take my shirt off insanely fast
I can lick my nose
I have a friend who can stick his tongue up his nose--I'm constantly amazed by this.
Having a movie marathon tonight- Which movies should I watch??
Army of Darkness, Goonies, Hellboy.
What personal projects are you currently working on?
Currently try to get into cooking and I am really enjoying it! I think I found a new hobby. :)
That's awesome. Are you cooking for yourself?
When a random stranger gives you a compliment you kinda remember it for days,or is it just me? Tell me about such incidents that happened with you ?
I can ride on the high of a compliment for weeks tbh 
Anyone wanna talk about random stuff?
What's your all time favorite shoe?
I'm 20/M/UK!
And you?
18/M/Malta* !
*In case you don't know where it is, it's south from sicily 
I know where Malta is!
So what's your hobbies? Whatcha like to do?
Gaming, Basketball, Football, Music and etc
Hows it going lets talk
It going alright, boring day cause i was studying for most of it
what about you?
You ever shot a gun before? If so what kind? Did you hit a target or go skeet shooting?
Nope! but used to be super interested in guns not long ago
You ever played street hockey?
No, did play street soccer though, wasn't too good at it haha
You ever stick fireworks in some produce and blow them up in the woods?
Not fireworks, but fire crackers and not me, but my siblings did it when i was a baby
How many building roofs have you been on?
abt 3
My Brother's, Grandparent's and Ours
You ever gone really fast on a skateboard/bike and gotten speed wobbles?
Nah, my mom was too overprotective to get me a skateboard or bike 
You ever broken any bones?
Yes, Ankle, still got the rod in there 
Hello😀😊☺🙌👍👏
Just alright! wbu?
I'm doing okay as well
what time is there if i may ask?
At what point did you realize you weren't special?
&gt; At what point did you realize you weren't special?
Summer of 2003, at Parris Island, SC.  
What MOS?
Inverse AMA?
Every other day!
Er....no comment.
It's ALWAYS sunny in Philadelphia!
without saying ditectly, tell me some brand you secretly use
No, says the man in the Vatican, it belongs to God!
I'm quite lonely, i just want some attention
Yeh good had massive poop this morning so man is livinnng slash winningg. Ching ching
Oh god. That's quite interesting. Is it the biggest one you've done?
Ahaha :D nah i set the guiness world record couple weeks back ;)
aw shit ;P that's impressive as heck 
hi im lonely too. i feel so alone. i dont get outside much
aw. i'll be your friend if you ever want to talk to me. 
I just quit my well paying career to be a beach bum. I'm scared shitless.
What motivated you to do that?
OMG! I would never do that!
Someone wanna chat? I've been ditched by 2 groups of friends tonight and feeling kinda down and could use some distraction
What game?
Sad to hear that. What were you about to play?
What music is your jam right now?
Hi :)
Not sure if it is too late or not... Hello, since you are a gamer, console or PC?
Bahaha yeah I fell asleep. PC gamer, but I have an xb1 too 
What SHOULD you be doing right now?
studying...but I'm not 
For what?
engineering physics,and computation(matlab)
Well damn. Go do that! You need to sleep at some point!
Whats sleep? 
Taking a shower. I got home from a run and now I'm all sweaty and sitting around on reddit
Homework (I'm almost done, though I have a procrastination problem) :P
Sleeping... Oh well.
What is your current screen wallpaper?
It's of space
A Boston Terrier under water diving for a ball. Hilarious.
I'm currently in the waiting room to find out if I have cancer (Hodgkin's Lymphoma). I'm 19 years old. Talk to me about anything and distract me please!
Glad the test came back ok, OP.
Thank you! :) 
Does this mean you'll go to Amsterdam for uni?
Holy shit my sister has the same type of cancer
If you had to teach a class on any subject, what would be your best subject?
Hiring software developers. I actually have given presentations on the subject.
I'm going to go with biology, considering I actually taught it for two and a half years
It's 4 am, It's America, Shoot me a genre, and I will shoot you back a song from it
art pop
Can't find any I know of, rest in peace :(
The grand champion has finally been defeated.
Reverse AMA?
Hit me up!
If you could jump into any gaming universe and be apart of it which would you choose?
OK, ask me something!
Ask me whatever you want I will see If I answer.
Why do you have to be so aloof? 
That's part of one of my many personalities.
List your personalities from most to least favorite then? :)
Just woke up, got nothing to do today and I am bored. Feel free to dig through my history.
Why do you have no posts?
'Cause I'd be too lazy to reply to all comments, OPs like you are my heroes. &lt;3
Hahaha how about we co-author then? Your post and my comments?
Hello! feel free to ask me anything : )
What is something that you are very well versed in?
Hello😀😎😊☺🙌👍👏
Hahahaha hey!
What emoji best describes you?
I have way more than one lol
Sounds fun yo. AMA. :D
What is your plan for when zombies attack?
Still doing this? AMA!
I am trying my best!
What is your list of top movies?
American Beauty 
Seven Samurai
Superbad
Why those ones?
Just movies I never get tired of. Gives me chills.
How do you feel about Bulgaria, I moved here from Canada 5 years ago?
Ummm I have zero opinions on the place. How do you like it?
Go for it, maaaaaan!
You are probably done! But I'm willing to give it a shot :D
Bored at work. Have at it!!
Ask me anything!
Who is your all time favorite basketball player?
A future transfer international student in US. 
Howdy! :D
What things do you want to accomplish within one year?
Thanks for asking.  Shoot.
Look through my history all you want, ask me really anything and I'll try to answer.
23 year old male music, comic, movie and video game nerd. Also a guitarist. 
Anything.
My battery's is 3% D:
Nothing off limits if you get around to more :]
What is your least humble brag about yourself?
Hey i'm the guy who always shows up late to threads AMA
I'll amswer with a question
Out of all the different types of famous people what type are your favorite?
Sure why not 
Hype
Damn, this is old. 
How did you find it?
Was trying to fine one nd my old posts and stumbled here. Seems fun
PC Gaming, anyone?
Playing CSGO and h1z1 recently. H1 is fun but I'm so bad at it that it's frustrating lol
Tell me something about yourself
Nothing really! Waiting on canvas to be shipped so I can surprise my SO with art.
What sort of art?
How the hell do people have quick showers?
Cold showers always do the trick for me 
What is something that most people like that you don't / vice versa?
I don't like sports. I just don't find them interesting at all.
I really like drugs and that's pretty taboo 
Happy 200k subscribers celebration everyone!  Have some gold :D
What are you excited for!?
Comic Con! It's this Saturday, and my sister is flying in from Florida to go for the first time.
That sounds like a ton of fun. Have you been before?
This is my third year in a row going
What about your sister? 
Friday. Is it too soon? 
Kitty cuddles when I get home today 
New blackout curtains 
Red Dead Redemption 2
Does it have a release date yet?
Just started a new business that's been on the cards for a long time.
Download festival in June, moving house/house hunting, getting a cat.
What's download festival?
Ask me a question and I'll answer it with one of your previous comments.
Am I ever going to find love?
There's no such thing
what's your favorite sport?
How was your day? 
What should I name my firstborn?
His name is Baptist Buck and he doesn't let others fuck.
Okay. So, you have just won the lottery. What is the first thing you do? 
What's the best thing to do on a rainy day? 
What is the meaning of life?
When was the last time you helped a turtle cross the road?
What should I do with my day off?
What is it good for?
Not sure, I stopped playing shortly after it came out
Where do you see me going with this guy I met on Tinder?
Why am I the way that I am?
How are you feeling today?
Alright thanks
How do I improve my sleeping habits? 
What's the meaning of life?
Whatever the plotforce desires
My god that was perfect. Quick follow up:
What should I do if attacked by a shark?
What's my best feature?
What's your favorite TV show? 
What is your favorite comment? 
And what if I usually do big comments?
What is your biggest regret?
What should I do tonight?
will hentai girls ever become real?
you haven't been on the Internet long enough
Who is the best r/casualconversation mod of all?
so what do you do when you're bored?
What is the powerhouse of the cell?
What do you typically do when at work and not on Reddit?
What is the best feeling?
Let's have a casual conversation about the world's biggest problems right now.
We need more gay people 
Why do you say this?
Also, are you Mark Zuckerbu...e...rg?
It helps balance population 
Ah, like killing!
No, they tend to adopt kids. So that's nice too. 
Why don't more people adopt children? 😹 
That too, anyway is welcome. 
Btw I'm not even remotely gay. 
Is that so?
Yeah. I never ever met a gay person in my life. 
Why, me neither! 😊 
That's cool. They are pretty rare considering the overall population. It think so. 
Any Way is Welcome in the Way of Ways
Talk to me?
Sure. Hey /u/mvsicbookfrxndom, how is/was your day?
My day is good! I'm just about to go to school. What about you? :)
What's something you have, that means a lot to you, but would be almost worthless to anybody else?
A Guinness hat
What makes the Guinness hat important to you? If you don't mind me asking
It's just something I've had for years that doesn't wear or age. I just love the thing.  
Does anybody else hate the sound of their own voice?
What the fucks going on.
Shomething wrong? 
Hey reddit, what's up?
heyoooo I like your name, solid combination
I like your name.
Hello OP.
Hey, awesome dude! 👌
Ehh. It's Monday, that's really all there is to say about today.
Just browsing Reddit till I pass out
Ah, is that so? What do you like to browse most on reddit? 👽
/r/askreddit mostly ᕦ(ò_óˇ)ᕤ
I'm sick with a nasty sinus infection. It hurts and I'm bored. 
🌱 🌱 🌱 🌱 🌱 🌱 
You are such a good person!
Who are you, really? Could you ever do a casual AMA?
Maybe I will one day😀😊☺🙌👍
Are you an AI?
You've been named CEO of Reddit. What changes do you make to the site?
Make reddit nice again.
Make people put more effort into their weak ass titles. 
What awful, AWFUL movies do you like??
Maybe not Awful, awful. But I do like the Pirates of the Caribbean sequels.
Almost Famous has some truly bad acting, but I adore it.
Aww, that one's nothing to be ashamed of!
I will love Cabin Boy forever. 
ZARDOZ
I've also seen the Star Wars Holiday Special five times, all sober.
Spice Girls
You mean the late-90's postmodern achievement that is Spice World!
Jawbreaker.
Killer Klowns From Outer Space.
What band/DJ/rapper/music artist are you really into right now?
I had an Eminem phase last year but now I'm all for power metal,  dragonforce and Metallica 
I've been obsessed with babymetal as of late.
Greetings! Just stopped here to ask that how is everyone doing today?
I'm also pretty lonely haha. Got boxing training in a bit. 
How did boxing training go?
What are y'all playing?
Clash Royale
battle your friends in real time
What can you tell me about dungeons and dragons?
DMC: Devil may cry, it's pretty cool.
What does Darth Vader do when he is not doing evil thing? Does he have any hobby?
I can easily see him as a soul singer on the down low
Just had my first whiskey.
I puked, developed a taste aversion and never drank it again.
I just slept for 18 hours...how've you been spending your Easter weekend?
I went to cast my vote today! It's election day in my country. Very exciting.
Listening to acoustic songs while it's raining outside. soo relaxing 
I started playing Rocket League yesterday and it is tons of fun
Wow!
What a save!
Calculated.
Your chat has been disabled for 4 seconds.
gg
ez
Wow! 
It'sa blast
Protip: set chat to Quick Chat Only
But I love toxicity
°~°
hey everyone, how was your easter?
Wonderful. We r having a scavenger hunt for baskets ❤
ayyyy that sounds super nice, i hope you have fun !!
It was exciting 
sounds fun :)
It was💙
:) :)
🌮
what is that supposed to be lol ??
A taco from my Easter basket lol
Oh lol cool I love Tacos yay lol
Really? You really like tacos?  Beef, chicken or veggie. 
Tell me about that person you only met once, who affected your life and you'll never forget them, even if you'll never see them again
Pro tip: Break your post into paragraphs. As is it's impenetrable. 
Idk, is that better? I literally just threw in breaks where they seemed to fit...
Why waste time, say lot word when few word do trick?
Laughed first time in weeks, Florence + The Machine.
You what song listen? Love Flo
Panic! At The Disco good. Rough day, no one talk me
Feel better now you talk?
C'mon Kevin...
Most people would think you sound like a moron and likely react accordingly. 
At least I would.
When me President, they see.
Me vote you
Me hear cookie monster voice in head. 
You talk like doge. Much language. Such fast. Wow!
I cannot read this without lapsing into a Chinese accent. Is that racist? Maybe...
Hungover, no music. Maybe listen Willam Bonney later.
Nice, at home, pajamas. Pink Floyd.
To be fair, I had to read that title three times, so it was probably more words for me
Nuance bad. Day good. 80's rock. You music?
Me listen 80's rock sometimes. Dire Straits = good. Now me listen Ahmed Jamal Trio. 
Never heard. Me play GTAV recent. Good.
Birthday. New Gorrilaz.
Congratulations! Old? Have fun day and present or reminder how lonely you are?
Are you an AI in its infancy?
Tame Impala. Listen :)
My day good. Went out eat
Good.  Perturbator, GosT.  You?
Me know perturbator, like. Now Ahmed Jamal Trio
Damn, great taste in music and the office. Will you marry me?
Yes! I will bring the wedding cake. What date would be convenient for you?
Decent day, bebop.
Name reminds coke float. Yummy. Want.
gud. ded by sf.
Fuck OP
UH OH
I just unintentionally got my first date
So smooth the fact that you're not smooth doesn't impede your smoothness! Nice!
Have fun!
What's your unrealistic dream?
To be the popular; in kind of guy.
To know all the right things to say; and when to say them.
If I was asked who is the most hip person I know, I would say you /u/Superchecker :)
I want to speak 5 languages 
What 5 languages do you want to speak?
I want to be a wizard, damn it. Curse this boring non-magical existence. 
At least being a magician you can make people half wonder if you're a wizard
I invited my entire restaurant's staff over for drinks after work and not a single person showed up. AMA
That's rough buddy. Definitely sounds like their loss to me though! Hope you bounce back.
So with all the leftover booze where's the party tonite?
Same place, same time.
Are we playing 20 questions?
Are you near Houston?
Are you the Michael Scott at your restaurant?
I bought a ticket to Japan!
remember, no subtitles
What's the meaning behind your username?
I'm literally magic.
It's my name with completely random numbers, I'm not creative 
I need more bakasana
I am just some random user on the internet.
Aren't we all.
What's something that one year ago you would be shocked to learn about the present you?
The fact that future-ish me is on Reddit dot com.
As in, that you're always browsing in the abyss?
Yes, and the fact that the rest of my innocent blood was spilled on Reddit dot com.
That things actually got better. I was in a very dark place a year ago. 
That my mom would pass away.
That I would have a job that I love and that I had grown to love myself a lot more :)
That I would actually get out of an abusive relationship and be ok.
Do you visit Reddit right after you wake up?
Yup. I usually browse reddit while I have my coffee.
Yes, while the Mrs is showering; I pop in here. then, my turn to shower.
Good morning. Yes.
That's exactly what I'm doing right now. I'm not even dressed yet. 
Wake up, sigh, think what the fuck has Trump done today?, go straight to /r/politics
I'm proposing to my Sunshine tomorrow with grandma's ring!
I thought your girlfriend was an orthodox sikh? 
No her family is, she is not.
So she's jewish?
We are the moderators of /r/CasualConversation, Ask Us Anything!
What's the story behind your usernames? 
What do you like about /r/CasualConversation?
You. 
Unconvinced, I need some evidence of your passion for me.
I love you so much to be offended by this comment 
How much do you love me?
11 love 
#this much
#this much ^^^I ^^^replied ^^^to ^^^the ^^^right ^^^comment ^^^this ^^^Time
Jokes on us, you meant to reply to both! 
Shhhhh
#I SHALL NOT BE SILENCED! 
5 years from now, what do you think will be one of the top casual conversation topics?
Why does bureaucracy have to be so infuriating?
Penis
I'm not understanding the question. 
Are you saying you don't get it? 
I'm sorry can you repeat the question 
What are your favorite and least favorite kinds of potato chips?
Cheese and onion is best 
Ketchup is the worst 
If you were all trapped on a deserted island, who would you eat first?
Who's the best mod here?
How about the one who gilds you ;)
Can any of you give me a good reason as to why /u/iwinalot7 bullys me?
Cuz I luv you
Bullllllllllllllllllshit, why should I believe you
 Cuz you're there more than here
Pineapple on pizza?
Hi!!! Am I late to the party?  Let's drop some gold while we are at it!
Need somebody to help you carry it? 
Favorite Cards Against Humanity white card to casually slip into conversation?
The biggest blackest dick
I prefer Bees?
Great question, don't know but have gold
Woah thanks!  
... What's gold do?
How can you make this place more appealing to new users? 
We are so close to 200k subscribers!
Won't participate as I'm on my phone, but nice to hear! This is a good subreddit.
Have gold. It's a party 
The subscriber count is going down!
We already won. More are on their way. Can't keep us down 
What do you guys think about onions?
The best. 
lth pls stop
tfw u dont get gold
Don't need it, already have more than lth
haha
hey ini my flair is better than yours
I think it's time I got in the shower ;) 
Showers are great! 
Holy macaroni thats a lot of gold in one thread
Yall rich boys
Taking a few handlettering requests!
Hi there - awesome work! What about It's a bad day, not a bad life? It's a motto I use often!
If you wouldn't mind, I'd love a Rise to the Occasion. It's kinda my life motto. :)
Rise against rising to the occasion
How dare you. &gt;.&gt;
I dare therefore I am
Nice reference.
Glad it wasn't a sick one. I'm just barely recovering, don't need anything contagious near me.
*coughs on you*
_sneezes on your face_
*blows nose with your toast*
That wasn't my toast anyway
You're Dwight.
No I'm not. On account of I've never seen that show. ^^Don't ^^hurt ^^me
WATCH IT.
Will I regret it? More importantly were you trying to insult me?!
No. And maybe. &gt;.&gt;
You'll only know if you watch!
Making me work for an answer? What is this, math class?
Except watching the show is rewardinnnnnggg.
Monetary value?
10 million dollars. *pinkie to face*
That's... okay, I'll take it. Thanks, Dr. Evil!
I don't remember Dr. Evil having so many chins...
I'M DIETING, SHUTTUP.
NO U! 
U
V
RAY
Charles?
Owen
Wilson... WILSOOOON!
WIIILLLLLLLLSSSSOOONNNNNN
I'M SORRY
:D
You think Wilson was happy to finally be rid of him? I mean... I guess he saw some things...
Maybe.
Bored out of my mind at work. Tell me something interesting about your day?
I might have chicken pox
Hello! 🙋🙋what's up? 
Not much really lol
Nothing here either. I went home early though 🙌
Always nice to leave early and still get paid for a full day 😊
What's your favorite thing to draw?
I like to draw flowers, landscapes, and Pikachu.
F L O W E R S
Hell yes and I respect what looks like a lot of passion here.
hahaha thanks! I do like flowers. Especially cherry blossoms, sunflowers and snapdragons.
Nudes / the female body.
I would do this ALL THE TIME when I'm stressed out, like right now.
I love drawing hair.
Cool!! Different styles or is there one you keep coming back to?
Today's My Birthday!
Happy bday op! Had myself a pretty standard day today played some skyrim and warframe 
Happy birthday! I hope you have an amazing day. :)
Did you know
Ohhh stop it😳! I love you too 
Well thank you ;) now can I borrow like 5 bucks ?
Prove it:(
😍😘💐
Ok that looks pretty legit I believe you 
Alright sweet now could I borrow some money 
But I still don't know if it's gay love or not:(
Meh what's wrong with gay love ?
No gay love no monies :(
But :,/
*Makes a squeaky small noise* u no love me
But I do love you I just need money 
Okay I'll ask Santa for you
Thank you so much mom
You are sooooo welcome, pumpin❤️
Who is santa ?
*An alien, of course*
Like outer space alien or a Mexican 
*Maybe both*
Omg so much knowledge 
Also my son, your birth name is Luke and you have a *father*
But your my mother not my father.... who the fuck are you?!? 
Yes I am your mother, but there is something I have to tell you about your *father* 
He is black ?
No reciprocation. 
What do you love about me?
I love your luscious left eyeball 
This is strangely accurate. 
Because I'm in your head 
Looking to talk
Hey! How are you doing this fine night/morning you wonderful stranger you?
I'd love to talk! Is there particular topic you would like to delve into?
No not really. Sorry if I don't respond right away, I'm at work
Yeah, let's talk about numbers. What's your favorite number?
*My favourite is 9.*
This will be interesting. Why 9? What's so special about 9?
*I just like 9. I don't know why. 9 makes me happy. Especially 999.*
What do you feel you need to be enlightened about?
I would love to talk😀😊☺🙌👍
Awesome! What's up!
*Do you like music?*
Yeah, I make music
My girlfriend comes back from her 2 week trip to Africa today and the waiting around is killing me!!
I'm buzzing! Waiting at the arrivals to pick her up 
What part of Africa was she in ?
And did she arrived yet ?
Is it shady to stroll around campus trying to meet/talk to girls you don't know?
In a way yes, but if you want to do it, easy way is borrow someone's puppy. 
hmm seems slightly disingenuous to borrow a puppy for that sole reason
What's the coolest nickname you've gotten from someone?
El Cheetah
And what's the story behind that?
My girlfriend calls me Babycakes. It's not the coolest maybe, but cute enough I think :P
favourite colour, food, music genre?
1. Red
2. Pizza Margherita
3. Anything rock (Indie,Alt,Classic,Punk and etc)
What's the deal with the bees? 
They're endangered Brett 
They are, which is sad. But i feel like I'm missing a reference!
What songs are you addicted to?
Classical music
For the past month, people have been major jerks and honking at me for no reason while I've been driving
I've listened to music with sirens in it thinking I was getting pulled over
I get a little heart attack every time.
That's happened to me as well. Was it synthwave?
It should legitimately be illegal to have sirens or traffic noises play over the radio.
NY to MA?
Let's make a story
three kittens went
to get some
Bowls of milk
But went missing
A rescue team
alsi went missing
This led to
another rescue team
who were equipped.
with metal gear
like toy gun.
and some snacks
being deployed to
the grocery store
where they found
three little kittens
who had poison
which went missing as well
but a seal
removed his mask
and revealed that
he was the pope
In love with
The happy music
That destroyed our
black hordes from
Pineapples deep underground 
That reveled they
were lizard people
who wanted to
Pet all the
carnivorous sea lions
and particle accelerators
Which in tern
Also went missing
However Bill Gates
was great at finding things. 
but also went
To a picnic
where he said 
Just press Ctrl + F
And then, voilà
together with a dragon
That really enjoyed
eating vegetable momos.
They came across 
an intelligent wizard
Who told them 
'bout an island
Where they would find 
Lots of gold
Ted bought a
Present for his
Savage pet panther
But then disappeared.
The panther got worried
And began crying
How is everyone this fine evening (or morning!)?
It's midday here in Norway and I'm waiting for my flight back to Copenhagen. Boring as hell
I love airports, they make me feel so happy :D
Haha how so?
Exhausted, went out over the weekend and just wanting to catch up on sleep really.
Funny because I'm feeling like that too and it's only Tuesday TT.TT
I ended up going out for a few beers tonight, it'll balance out right?
Definitely, beer is pretty much a legit sleep substitute :P
Tonight I go beerless for the first time in a fortnight.
It's 2AM here and I can't sleep
Hello😀😊☺😎🙌👍👏
A girl who curled my hair is now dating me
Congrats  dude/gal !
Dude. Thanks!
Can you show hair?
Sure if I can figure out how to cut out my face lol
Just give it a blur in photoshop. 
True.
Why did your hair need to be curled? Is it an iconic role of some kind?
The role is Curly from the musical Oklahoma!
I was in a production of Oklahoma! I was Will
Did you do the sex?
I learned from The Big Bang Theory that this happens after the *third* date
You learned wrong. 
How would I know? I never even reached the first date
Quit putting the date on a pedestal and you will. Less pressure becomes more success!
I dunno. I wouldn't say I'm pressuring myself, but I don't think success is on my side either
Yeaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh where'd you go?? What's she like?
First walked around our downtown area, went to dinner. 2nd date was a picnic.
Kissed yet?
Ya!
Whats the best license plate you've ever seen?
A white blazer with the license plate NOT 0J
Let's talk about something?
Where are you going?
Hey I'm at the end of a long car ride! Where are you riding to?
Kalahari in the Wisconsin Dells, where'd you drive too?
Where the heck is that? Haha I've never heard of any of it! I'm driving from key west to Miami 
What can you see right now?
Empty corn fields
You watching any TV show currently?
Right now or in general?
Kalahari in the Wisconsin Dells
Are you going to Kalahari in the Wisconsin Dells?
As of today, I've 100%'ed the entire Dark Souls trilogy!
Congratulations!  Whats your next goal, gamewise?
Noice! Bloodborne is next! 
Personally Bloodborne is my favorite of the 4. It's so damn fun! 
I've heard good things!
Morning everybody! What are you gonna do on this Sunday?
turning into a vegetable 
Working right now, then babysitting tonight. 
I'm in Mystic, CT for the week. Going to meet my cousin and his wife at Mohegan Sun for lunch. 
Been on duty stuck in a boat since Friday. 154' of floating hell. 
Where are you? On a cruise? Why can't you leave if it's hell?
Lmao I wish, in the USCG. 
What are some things you thought you'd never like?
I never thought I'd like you u/ Rollins10
Mushrooms.
Portobello?
What are you happy about right now?
Well i got a new phone! That's all I'm really happy about!
What model?
Redmi note 4, the 3 GB ram one
It's very nice out and my partner and I are going to bike today :D 
I just want to let you know.....
I don't think anyone loves me. But i find your misplaced sentiment charming.
What would your 3 wishes actually be if you met a genie?
Eliminate debt, eliminate poverty, improve my health.
All debt or your debt?
All debt.
Who are your celebrity crushes?
Nathalie Emmanuel, I'm convinced I'm going to marry her.
H. Jon Benjamin.  But only with the lights out.  And he has to talk the whole time. 
I feel a very personal connection with this comment. 
The Steam Sale is upon us and our wallets cry out in vain! What games have you picked up so far and how are you liking them?
I bought Stardew Valley
That game is so relaxing to play!
I just started, and it definitely is :)
Sakura Clicker
2 Truths and a Lie Conversation
I have a six year old tiger oscar, I have never died my hair, and I race cars.
This is a hard one.
I going to say number 3 is a lie. 
Nope, I've been drag racing for 6 years. One more guess? 
Race cars is a lie
- I was born male
- I hate motorcycles 
- I almost died twice 
:)
I'm going to say number 2 is the lie!
Lmaooo good guess but nope! 
I've won a car
I've won name trip to Vegas
I've won a TV
So, which did you not win? I'm going to say you never won a car!
Nope, I won a Toyota in 2009, and a Chevy in 2011!
Never won a TV.
Wow!!!!
Your incredibly lucky! Which car do you like better and how was that vacation to Vegas?
* I get to work with bands
* I play the cello
* I don't eat meat
One of my clients owned 82 cats at one time
I have pet a stingray 
I am buying a pet pig
Number 2 is a lie?
Nope!
1) I've worked with the Secret Service
2) I'm Bilingual
3) I'm allergic to the cold
Number 3 is a lie?
1. I love bitter foods.
2. I still sleep with my stuffed animals.
3. I don't know how to swim.
Number 1 a lie?
Number 3?
1. My favorite color is red
2. I was once bitten by a ladybug
3. I am afraid of bees
Number 2 a lie?
I didn't know lady bugs bite people.
Is number 3 the lie?
I am a very unlucky person. Number 3 is not a lie.
I have broken my skull, my nose, and my jaw.
Oh goodness...
You have not broken your nose?
Hit by a 70s Mustang in front of my high school and face planted on the asphalt. 
i hate college, i hate capitalism, i hate chocolate
Number 1 is a lie?
What cheers you up?
Music. Readin'. Cookin' somethin' good.
My cat. Her being so needy and knowing she loves me makes me so happy
Baby Animal Pictures.
Music.
Food.
Podcasts.
Sleep.
Reddit.
What do you do in your free time?
Gym, videogames and outdoor activities 
Do you like hiking?
Play video games or comic books
Hmm I've haven't read too many comic, what are some that you recommend?
Comics are great. Admittedly my tastes are really weird, but &lt;3 nonetheless.
lol what do you like?
well I mostly like French stuff, I adore Astérix and another cool series is Les Cités obscures
No idea what that is 
I read too, a lot. I work out too and try to not procastinate.
What you up to?
Eating dick. Jk. I'm about to brush my teeth
You use dick to brush your teeth? 
Is there any other way to brush your teeth? 
I just got back from a long car ride. I was having my family vacation.
Where did you go 
Panama City, Florida.
If I had the money I'd go there today
I just got back from Pride fest. Now I'm just chilling at home with a very tired dog. 
Sitting at an outdoor coffee shop table in the deathly Florida heat. It feels like 100 now :( 
Aw damn. I feel ya on that, it's super hot here too. What do you do to get away from the heat?
Stay inside with the AC on lol 
Legit. Haven't left the house in a while during daytime, just too hot.
I'm sitting on my couch now eating an ice cream.
Just out of a dance lesson, it was a ton of fun, thanks for asking 
Omg cool. What do you dance?
I turned someone down today and they were nice about it.
Talk? To girls? Umm 😐 
Hi, I'm a girl. Let's talk.
But if he were a 90's Hip-Hop song, What's yo man got to do with me
It's a good thing she didn't say he was just a friend
How often do you get berated? 
Anyone else sometimes feel lonely despite having a good life on paper?
How come you have a house at 23?
Because I chose to buy one? I'm sorry, I don't fully understand the question.
I mean what is your job that allows you to afford it at such a young age?
Oh, gotcha. I'm a nurse.
how come you had the deposit at 22?
Where are you 23 and can afford a house? 
Reverse AMA
bring it I guess
Now **this** is a great idea, OP! Ask away, but I'm super-boring.
Oki? 
Ask me anything pls
What is your most fun or crazy political idea?
Ask anything and everything please! I love sharing 
What was your first meme?
I'm drunk as fuck. Ask me anything under the sun please 
What is the best/most glorious thing you have done while being drunk?
Sure I'm feeling talkative 
What's an uncommon combination you really enjoy?
I like salsa on my cheese toast 
Hmm what kind of cheese? That is the make or break for me on this 
I typically go with a sharper cheese. Swiss, white cheddar, parm 
I've never heard of this but it actually sounds kinda good. What kind of toast is it on?
Any sort of bread honestly.  I love sourdough but I'm on that $1 bread budget 
Ask away
I feel like it is obligatory to ask: How often are you actually PMed lesbian girls?
Yo. Hit me with a weird question. Something nonsensical. Anything at all!
What's a slunk?
A stillborn calf.
Huh... Not sure what I was expecting but fair enough.
This is a great idea! AMA!
Do you have any favorite stand up comedians? 
Bring it
What is the best advice you have ever given or received?
You can't change what people are going to so until they want to change themselves.
That can be hard to keep in perspective :) how did you learn it?
Work mostly
Cool..bring it...do your worst ;)
If you're still here, hit me up sen3.14.
sen3.14?
Hit me
I'm bored on a car trip right now. AMA
Try looking out the window! Have you seen anything intriguing on your trip so far?
I've seen the 1000 islands and Niagara falls!
Bring it on
What are you doing tonight?
That sounds so relaxing. I'm drinking lemonade and watching old detective TV shows with my mom. 
Perry Mason? Murder She Wrote? Colombo?
Packing for my college orientation 
Let's play a game...
When was the last time you had a dessert?
How do you like to prepare your meat for dinner? 
What was your first pet?
never had one 
I'm leaving this as is to say sorry, pets are dope 
I really need a friend right now
are ya High mate?
I fucking wish 
what was the last 5 songs u been listening?
The soundtrack to the Book of Mormon. My faves are Two by Two and Spooky Mormon Hell Dream
What high causes this? I would not like that high
sup mate
Oh uh, I just woke up! At 2 lol. What's up with you?
If you need some fatherly/uncle advice: fire away!
where is Vancouver?
Seriously? West coast of Canada
Hey, I'm here if you need someone to talk to.  
hi.
Hey there
what can you cook?
What should I binge watch?
Psych is the best show on TV. In my opinion.
Are you me? I love so many of those shows!
What's your favorite breakfast?
Oatmeal. I love oatmeal.
Rice with sweet pork and sunny side up. Yes, It's indeed a greasy Filipino breakfast ❤
Soft boiled eggs and soldiers all the way.
Are soldiers bacon? I'm not familiar with this term!
Soldiers are like half inch sliced bread that you dunk into your yoke. It's really good!
Oooooh I'm down with that. Where are you from? This sounds regional.
Workdays: either a breakfast sandwich or oatmeal.
Weekends: French toast or ham n eggs.
Hopefully this is really 'The Friendlier Part of Reddit'
Don't talk to me or my son ever again
Who are you?
What? I don't know who you are?
Or my son.
Who is your son?
Ever Again
What are you talking about?
My son, Ever.
I don't know who you or your son are.
Good. 
I felt like I should help you get your karma back up. Enjoy 1 post karma and 27 comment karma.
Thank you so much man! You're an awesome person! Have a great day!
Oh thank you! I try to be friendly to cover up the void inside of me
Well your an awesome person!
Causal conversation is where I go when I am running low, every one here is amazing
How's your morning so far. (If it has even started yet)
I'm extremely tired but I'm looking forward to eating cookies tonight :)
Oooh are they gonna be home made. I haven't baked cookies in so long.
They sadly aren't homemade but they're Danish Butter cookies and they seem delicious as heck!
I'm up at five in the morning because I'm too excited to sleep. Why are you up at five in the morning if you're in the eastern USA? If not, where are you? And why are you awake?
330am here,  friend is having some serious problems and just talking to them about it
you a good friend. stick with it.  it almost never doesn't help to have someone listen.
Yeah shes going through a rough patch.  How's ur night? 
I'm in Manila and just waiting for a concert to start
I've got a 10 (or more!) hour car ride ahead of me, let's talk!
Road trip? Where to and where from?
We're headed from our house in Pittsburgh to a cabin near Green bay, WI!
What are you doing for your Friday night reddit?
Sitting in a bar currently flirting with a bartender...the rest we shall see.
Good luck, keep us posted.
Staying at home like always.
Why do you always stay home?
Don't have a car and the area I live in isn't very good during the night. 
That's too bad. You don't have anyone who can drive you?
Thanks for understanding and not for the moment.
I'm home. Working. Yeah..
Why are you working on friday night?
This paper is due on Sunday. Finals weak lol 
Ah damn, bummer. What class is it?
I am writing poems. I might write another one...
What are your poems about?
My poems are about my life, and from that, I wanted to uplift people :)
That's nice! Do you post them on reddit?
Some of them, but I am not that skilled to do that often :(
I am 5' 8, I consider I am in the limit between tall and short, how tall are you, casual people?
I'm just under 5'.  Very firmly in the Short camp.  
Same. I'm a solid 4'11 
I'm like 4'11 1/2.  That half matters, I can round up.  
174cm. Convert it to your heathen units yourself, but I dare say (and hope) that I'm average.
I'm 176cm 5'9, which is on the taller end for a woman.  
High Five fellow tall lady :D 5'11 here
Lets take over the world!
I'm an Amazon warrior anyway xD Let's do it!
Do you need an offsider? :)
I'd be glad! Your height definitely qualifies you ;)
I can run fast!  But I'm not much use with a bow and arrow I'm afraid :)
Spear and shield would work too \^\^ Or a battle-axe
I'm 181cm *(5'11 to 6'0)*. Central European woman \^\^
English is not my first language and I just learned that porcupines and concubines are, in fact, not the same thing.
English is my first language and I just learned Concubine is a word 
We live and we learn I guess
Thanks for helping me do so!
It's nothing, son. 
(don't mind me, I tend to call people son. I even call my dog son.) 
I thought Mormon and morbid were the same until I was 12. 
But a porcupine concubine could be a thing ya know ?
I DON'T WANT IT TO BE A THING 
Maybe plethora you were getting confused with poinsettia?
I learnt relatively recently that Arkansas is not pronounced Ar-Kansas.
I refuse to believe that. Damn Americans! 
I have a few friends there, they pronounce it Ar-can-saw
I used to think Leopard is pronounced like Leo-pard
...It's not? 
Friday night Truth or dare, let's play together
Tell us something about yourself that you always hide it from public
As a child what did you want to be?
Keep it SFW please. And be mindful of the personal information you share. 
Your first fictional crush 😉?
Dare.
Put a ton of dill on the next meal you eat.
I'm in.
What's you embarrassing moment in recent times?
I slipped on what felt like literal nothing in front of a coworker and a customer.
I sincerely care for every single one of you
I didn't do anything at all and I feel bad about spending so much time online
I'm up to 104,000 words on a romance novel i've been writing. Are you working on any writing projects?
Nice! :3 I'm writing a visual novel.
I'm on my final revision of my tinder bio
What's the rough draft looking like?
97% -rotten tomatoes 
8.1 - IMDb 
We hate him - doctors across the world 
It's my 21st birthday today!
You're still sober enough to type? :P
Can't be slammered all day if you don't start in the morning
But be responsible: nothing stronger than gin before breakfast
Real LPT is always in the comments
Start off with Baileys in your coffee.  
Talking my language 
Do you really not drink until you are 21 in th us? I've been drinking vodka since I was 14.
Legally? Yes. Less than legally? I believe some people do....
Happy birthday! 
I didn't think you could rent a car until 25! I guess they changed it up.
Happy Birthday, today is my 22birthday lol
It's my 30th today! Lol. 
It's my 23rd today (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Mine is tomorrow ;) 
Whats happening folks! 
Not much! Trying my best to focus at work and it's not going well. How bout you?
Any other night owls that want to chat?
I would love to 
Is it night where you are? It's 4 pm now where I am. I'm always up to chat though
It's 2:00 pm here.
Any household chores that you actually like?
washing dishes.
omg could you please come take out the trash neither of us feel like it at the moment
neither of you??
my fiancé and me. We're both too comfortable/tired. 
which was it I'm so curious now
Which was what?
Casuals - We're going on an imaginary camping trip....
How long are we going to be gone an where? I'll need to know for planning.
A corkscrew, wellington boots and a penknife! :&gt;)&gt;
Swiss army knifes are getting really fancy, these days.
True, but they still don't keep your feet dry ;&gt;)&gt;
headlamps. I sound like a dork but I promise you wish you had one too
It's not dorky - it's good, common sense.
Anyone want to play truth or dare?
Truth me.
What's something you secretly do in private that most people would find really strange?
I guess this is kind of controversial around Reddit, but jack off to Facebook pictures.
Truth me, m8.
Do you believe in the paranormal? Why or why not?
Only in the dark. Better safe than sorry.
Truth Please.
If you could have any job in the world, what would it be?
Working for the Label Strange Music or being a successful artist manager myself
Tech's label, cool.  Have you ever managed a band or artist before?
In one word,say what day you're having!
ehnottooshabby
Cheater
fitemeirl
Lets go right now
Do you have a catchphrase?
Thats pleanty!
I often hear my relatives tell this to each other during Thanksgiving!
Used in the same way?
Probably talkin' about how we tend to give generous portions of Thanksgiving food
I use it as a kind way to say shut up
Sure! Same intent, but more socially acceptable. That's cool!
If that doesn't work then it tends to just be fuck up ya dick! I say next
You could use that in every day life and also in an action movie!
S'pose I could
If you were in an action movie, what would the title be?
Something like Square go or mon' then!
Shitters
I hate grass
What in the heck?
Too much nature
Different but unique
Do you really dislike grass and nature?
I hate grass, I really do! 
Nature is ok but I don't like grass.
Oh, that's messed up! Why do you dislike grass?
I have a tendency to end most conversations with have fun regardless of the situation.
I admire this, bro. Have you ever used it in a situation where it is not appropriate?
I don't have a catchphrase so much as facial mannerisms.
Oh, like Spock's eyebrow raise?
Don't worry. I am ninja.
Does anyone else think Snapchat's new feature 'Snapmap' is creepy?
Yeah. I'm about ready to delete snapchat.
I'm at an airport. But which one?
Charles De Gaulle?
Chicago O'Hare?
Are you in the EU?
Are you in Germany?
hmmm
Italy's Da Vinci airport?
Exeter UK?
Spain?
I'm so bad at guessing wtf
Belgium?
No guess is a bad guess but no.
goodness are you in the UK?
Glasgow?
No hints?
You can ask me questions.  Not where are you of course :)
Which airline has the most gates?
Flybe 
Manchester? 
In England?
Which sea is the closest to the airport?
The Irish sea
What's the last letter of the airport code?
D
Belfast
I'm am in Belfast. Airport name please.
George Best Belfast airport
DING DING DING WE HAVE A WINNER
Waiting for your 6pm flight to Birmingham?
Let's play a game
What's your favorite animal?
Cookie cat!
If you had a free day to do anything you want and money isn't a restraint what would you do?
Maybe I should get another gun in case one gun gets frisky!
If you could have lunch with one famous person who would it be?
Brett Favre and Steph Curry are my top two for sure. 
Can I give you a hug?
You can be a trusty sidekick to any character in any form of fiction, who would you choose?
Dwayne. As in Dwayne Johnson. Let's be real here - there's no other option. :D
How's the weather over there?
Fuck it Dude let's go bowling.
what should I make for dinner?
What's your favorite drink?
Why are we still here? Just to suffer?
What is the coolest fact about you ?
I actually really enjoyed the Bee Movie, for how terrible it was, I legit had fun watching it.
What is your favorite color
Is it gay?
Maybe?
(Is my post history really that gay?)
I realized your the same user that comment on my Hamilton comment. God I'm helpless
You will never be satisfied 
Congratulations.
*never gonna be president now*
What's my best trait?
Ed, Toast Connoisseur and Sex Master
That's Ed's best traits. Not mine lol.
What is the Greatest country on Earth?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
He has a GF?
Hows it going
Which musical would I like the best?
I know it's apparently fairly common but I'll still never admit it to friends.
Why are you in this world
or are you....
Now I have to find that
It's pretty old haha
May I ask for context
Seeing a theatre production, painting along with a Bob Ross video
So did you enjoy it? It sure seemed like you did haha
Hey don't turn this shit around on me
Dear friends, how do you like your coffee in the morning?
My coffee sings to me. Pour some sugar on me. 
I oblige.
no milk no sugar.
Most of the time I put hot chocolate in it. So yummy.
I've tried that before, and it is very delicious! 
It is! In the winter its my favorite way to drink coffee.
What are some of your best date ideas?
Escape rooms are awesome
None around here sigh
Get sent to jail and try and escap together
I just saw the latest transformers movie. It was, without a question, the worst movie ever. Have you ever felt like you have truly waisted time?
Dude maybe you would stop wasting time adding that i in *wasted.
Eh, give me a break. I was stoned. 
I mean... Aren't most of us on here?
Very true. It makes everything better. Except for Transformers. 
I've watched the first Twilight movie, so there's that...
Never seen any of those. 
Count yourself lucky.
I'm watching s field sobriety test from the comfort of my porch and it's kinda awesome.
Haha I love these edits. Niiice.
They're all gone now. Got to catch up with my cousin though! It's been a good day. 
Anything you are currently working on or towards?
Moving out of country, slowly but steadily. I want a fresh start from 0.
Personality Types! For those that are really, truly bored...
Slytherin
INFP
Libra
Melancholic 
Gryffindor 
And I learned a new word! Sanguine. It tastes good when I say it. Sanguine.
I'm working (using my computer at work) but it's hard to stay motivated on a Tuesday. 
It's Wednesday here :/
Oh shit. It's Wednesday here too. My brain's turning to mush. 
Rip brain ?-2017
I woke up at 3:00 PM, just watching youtube thinking about what I'm gonna do today
Why did you wake up so early?
Just started my first ever playthrough of Fallout New Vegas.
Do you have the 'Weird Wasteland' perk on?
I don't know you but can we get Coffee or something?
Is it fine that the something is a Red Bull--- its a bit of a hectic summer over here. 
Sure thing! Maybe a Coffee Red Bull hybrid :3!
ooo... coffee flavored RedBull would be sweet
If it's not already a thing I'mma be shocked... 
You look good today. :)
Thanks! Who knew putting on an overused outfit would still get me compliments lol
You're welcome ! :)
I also really like your username, because it's confusing me very much haha. 
Haha that was my pet turtle's name! 31's the day I got him. 
Honestly this is the best name I've ever heard of.
I'm naming my next pet Grumpy Nut.
No YOU look good
No YOU look good. :)
Thank you🤗😇🤗😇🤗😇🤗😇🤗😇
I hope your day is going great as well 
Lying is a sin.
You can invite five famous people for a dinner party, dead or alive. Who do you choose and why?
Richard Dawkins
Neil degrasse Tyson 
Obama
Christopher Hitchens 
Socrates
LOL, that's a classic *first date* question. This is not Tinder, is it?
What are your favorite albums (or songs) from 2017 so far?
Kinda surprised no one said Gorillaz
Do you often check the post history of other Redditors when you comment or pm them?
I've found a couple of interesting AMAs but it's mostly just porn.
Im suprised more people dont have porn accounts
Why though 
Due to the risk of disrespecting my fellow human, I'm going to have to decline to answer that.
You made this post just to bring attention to yourself. Not everything has to be about you.
Well your post history is pretty interesting. I've never met an Incel before :)
Yes, sometimes I stalk when I want to see the face behind the comment. Btw, nice ass. 
*checks OP's history*
---I like asian milf booty---
This is just a plot to get people to look at and maybe upvote your old posts, isnt it?
no i get enough upvotes
Wow. You really like mild booty....
It's mine 
Damned if that isn't the best reply possible, lol!
Regrets
not trying harder in high school
Why what position are you in now?
I fear I may regret my desicion tomorrow
What is/are your favorite smell(s)?
Freshly-mown grass and new parchment.
What does parchment smell like? Is it similar to regular paper?
Gasoline, Yankee Candle Midsummer Night's Dream, baked goods.
Gasoline and fresh cut wood because of my dad.
Cilantro and vanilla because of my mom.
Sun lotion. Reminds me of holidays 
Roasting garlic and weed. 
Tell me one nice thing about yourself.
I've been depression-free for a year now :)
Well i think I'm nice 
For a person my age I am a damn fine editor and filmmaker 
I'm patient and difficult to bore. 
I try.
*I am very creative and can create awesome stuff when I have inspiration...*
I've been told I have a nice singing voice, but I'm in denial.
So where's everyone off to this week?
Same as usual glad to stay home especially when its been quite hot out. 
~~Crack open a cold one~~ put the kettle on
Just got back from a month overseas so I'm staying in and sleeping off my jetlag.
Where ya been?
I went to Europe: Ukraine, Poland, Czech Republic and Germany 
Feeling a bit down
Like any sports?
I like soccer, MMA and cricket :) what about you 
I played soccer when I was younger, I'm a big hockey fan now though 
Do you watch much soccer still? I'm British so I kinda have to haha 
Not much but if it's on somewhere or I happen to come across a big game I'll definitely watch 
I hear that. I don't watch so much on tv like I used to. Watching live is so much better 
What's your thoughts on Mayweather vs McGregor?
Flairs for CC
It's a gay Dane thing. I hardly ever change it.
mine doubles as a reference to my favorite musical and as a decent description of myself 
Because its the other London, no the other other london
as in London, Ontario?
Tell me one goal you have for the next week/month/year.
Get into MS course in Germany along with my girlfriend
Viel Spaß!
Month: Clean up my To Do list.
Year: Get a job or start a small business.
Any business ideas?
Engineering/Industrial Design firm.
Count your blessings. What have you been grateful, appreciative or thankful about lately?
I didn't die in my sleep.
:o At that ending. I feel lucky to still be in school. :l
How many schooling years do you have left?
Hopefully this upcoming one, how about you?
I'm finished with college. Almost there!
:o Congrats What did you major in?
Computer science where are you going towards?
Accounting. :l
Reddit's targeted ads think I'm a 50+ yrs old gay male who needs his skin tightening...
Reddit has ads?
ikr! Maybe the perks of using the mobile app but haven't seen a single ad. 
The app has ads too....
Podcasts!
Big fan of joe rogan, the Tim ferris show, beautiful anonymous and timesuck. 
What basic thing do you still don't know how to do?
I never learned how to ride a bike.
I'm 31, and still haven't figured out how to convince someone to go on a date with me.
Have you tried following rules 1 and 2
Maybe? Have you tried being less vague?
Rule 1. Be attractive 
Rule 2. Don't be unattractive 
Of course, everything has to be a meme.
Swim.
20 years young and still can't swim.
Still can not tell my left from my right.
Of all the things here, this one is the only one that surprises me. Whats so hard about it? 
Clean and gut a fish.
I don't know how to tie my shoes
Any humans left that would like to chat?
If you aren't a human, what are you? Let's talk about *you*, shall we? :) 
I am a human...
Marriage is a pain. Weddings are like the initiation fee of the marriage.
then you married the wrong one.
I can't sleep. What do you miss most?
not having any responsibility 
Finally got out of the supermarket 
What did you get?
Milk,fruit,cereal and other stuff
why my mom wont let me get a bank account :/
I wish there was an app as popular as Tinder that was just for making friends...
Legit looking to make some friends as well. So someone message me if you wanna talk! 
Tinder in Japan has you covered. 
It's weird how people almost always assume Reddit users are male
dude is a gender neutral term, buddy.
you're not my buddy, pal.
you're not my pal, guy.
you're not my guy, mate.
I'm not your mate, friendo.
you're not my friendo, buckaroo.
I'm not your buckaroo, comrade.
I'm not your comrade, brother in arms.
Stuck in DC Airport, talk to me so I don't lose my mind?
I'm not in DC but in Toronto and flying to London tonight :)
Ugh! so jealous! London has my heart &lt;3
Going back home &lt;3
good luck and safe travels 
Thanks. And you too ! Hope you can take another flight !
me too! 
Well, London ! 
IAD or Reagan? (Because Reagan sucks and I'm sorry if you're stuck here)
Are there any metalheads here?
I'm into melodic death metal, mostly listen to amon amarth and children of bodom lately
What's the dumbest thing you've done recently?
I asked where my hat was while i had it on my head
What kind of hat was it
Oh whoops i meant to say cap
I tried kissing my best friend and got rejected.
I threw butter into the microwave with a tinfoil and then the microwave kept flashing flames. 
You can't put metal in the microwave! 
Left my car keys in a time controlled office.
So, do you guys have best movie quotes?
I did not hit her
What element are you? Which one of these fit you the most and why?
I don't know how these work. I would probably be mud.
that's not there
The element of Surprise 
Why are you sad today?
I'm sad today because it's Father's day and my dad died a little over a year ago :(
Why are you happy today?
The weather is nice and sunny :) 
Why are you happy? 
I love days like that! 
I'm happy because I'm going to visit my cousin tomorrow! 
Went to the beach and swim, it's my favorite thing to do :) 
Made my first incision today.
I asked a girl to a party and she said yes :))
I just got a new book 
Look to your left, the first thing you'll see will help you survive on a deserted island.
A high chair... not liking my chances
You could make a fire with this.
A towel... I wonder how does that help lol
My dog. Guess we're both screwed.
Your dog will protect you ! Well, it depends what he is.
A legally blind beagle. RIP us
A pillow. Also not optimistic.
Chap stick, I think I'm gonna get through this!
iPhone, I can call someone to pick me up, after looking up on Internet what the number is.
What if you don't have any reception ?
I could make fire with this.
How would that work ?
Who are feeling lonely now?
*I am bored and lonely... What are you doing right now? How are you?*
Looking for someone to talk on interesting topic! 
*Let's talk. What are your hobbies? What do you like to do in your free time?*
I like to use reddit in free time and watching videos 
*Nice. I write poems and study linguistics in my free time.*
So are you asking because you are bored and lonely and looking to talk?
Actually i am not bored, I am lonely and looking for a friend to talk. 
Ah ok. Well, hellos to you.
Hi! 
So tell me something about you. 
Did something way out of my comfortzone this past Friday!
that sounds like a badass app!
whats it called?
Congrats!
Anyone know if there's an equivalent app for the US? I like the idea. 
What rare skill or hidden talent do you have?
I always mow perfectly straight lines in the grass while mowing the lawn
I'm lonely as hell, I just want at least one friend
All I can offer you is my internet friendship :(
That's all I need :)
If its not soo late, hi there :)
Friendly chat - how is everyone doing?
5pm here, getting ready for dinner.
What are you having for dinner?
3:22AM I am coding right now
Do you enjoy it? Find it easy?
How to stay positive in such a negative world?
Yeah. I see no good future for humans
Me neither.
Ignore fear-mongering.  Focus on the things in your control.
What can we truly control in the end?
Your feelings, for starters.
I got a girl's number yesterday and I'm really happy about it
wow bold move, girl. she obviously wants to see you again!
Yeah I texted her a bit yesterday, fingers crossed!
Do you have a moment for Jesus Christ? 
[Because Jesus Christ, you're hot.](/s)
lmao
If you sneezed, I would say God bless you, but
[it looks like he already did.](/spoiler)
Oh man keep um coming
Guys, do you know what really hurts? Seeing the girl you like with her boyfriend.
There's plenty of fish in the sea.
I think my wife looks super cute with her boyfriend. Makes me happy.
I'm a bit confused...
how the heck do you make friends in your 20s?
I'm 22, I'll be your friend!
Kind of realized that when my boyfriend is busy, I don't really have anyone to talk to
I wish i had a girl to talk to, Ditch the zero and get with me =o
No wonder girls don't like talking to you when you treat them like that.
I just had toe surgery and my dog almost broke my leg! Great times!
Oh gosh I'm so sorry. May I ask why you had toe surgery?
Condition I was born with. My toenails naturally grew outward into my toe. Not fun.
I just watched American Beauty for the first time. I feel lots of emotions now.
How old are you? 
If that movie blew your mind, I got a couple more you probably will like.
**Me and Earl and The Dying Girl** should be at top of any list
I have seen neither
I don't like haikus
Youtube haikus are the best haikus :P
&gt;I always count syllables.
ftfy
Five syllables here
Seven more syllables here
Are you happy now?
Sonic the Hedgehog
You are the best game ever
Its snowing on Mount Fuji
Friday night, late late conversation
hello!!
Hello !! 
how are you?
Spread love. How can I make your life better tonight? 
What's the longest you've gone without being in a relationship?
The whole 23 years. 
Whole 21 years for me :P
Take me on a date
All my life, I'm 25
I'm turning 25 in a few weeks and I've never been in a relationship.
This is borderline creepy, but here I am again. 
What are you? 
What am I?
Youre cool
Gamers of r/CasualConversation, what are you playing nowadays?
Mostly Super Mario 64.  Such an easy game to play over and over.
Friday the 13th, such a fun game!
Which system?
What kind of car do you drive?
When I'm home, a 1997 Honda. When I'm on campus (at least 9 months of the year) I walk/bus. 
2013 Chevy Spark in yellow.
Those are cute! I see hem around town a lot. 
What languages are yall learning?
I'm learning Russian for school!
Spanish
Duolingo-ing my way through French and Russian!
Best way to spend a weekend
1. Good food
2. Good rest
3. Good conversation or Nice movie
4. Gym
That sounds perfect! Have you seen any good movies lately?
Fantastic beasts was my last movie... 
Nice! Did you like it?
Anyone with good break fast receipies ? 
In case nobody told you that.
Gtfo here with that bullshit please. Thanks.
Thanks, but this is innacurate in my case. I mean, objectively wrong, not just my own opinion.
Describe yourself in 3 words
needs to pee
Introspective, empathetic, patient
Sweet.
Honest.
Kind.
 Strawberry
Why do you say that? 
No reason 
Lonely, calm, programmer
Avocados make me sublimely happy. What changes your mood for the better?
Music can, but it really depends on what I'm listening to. 
Anything that always works?
Conan is on TV. Things are good. 
Avocados are the best food
YES THEY ARE when are we throwing our dinner party?
I've had kind of a bad day and may no longer be friends with 3 of my best friends. I'd love to chat with you all.
I've just been wondering what to do for the last 2 hours
What are your favorite pastimes usually?
playing video games and listening to music
Sounds like fun! what kind of games do you dig?
project cars, skyrim
Those games are awesome! how do you feel about the new system for paid mods?
Hi! how are you?
I'm doing pretty good yourself? 
I'm alright a little down tbh. what do you like to do for fun?
Sushi
No. Dumplings&gt;sushi
They're not even comparable. 
Wrappings with stuff in it. 
Tempura shrimp, man.
not my favorite, but it'll do! Fuck, I'm getting hungry now.
I ate sushi once, to impress a boy. It was gross. And i didn't get the boy.
ahh... you didn't have the good kind then
I have no idea what I was eating. Just that it was gross.
well, I'm sorry for your bad experience.
I know it's heathen but creamy avocado sushi is divine
hmmmm, what do you mean by creamy? 
oh just a properly ripe bit of avocado. it mixes strangely well with soy sauce/wasabi
lol well, I do love avocado so I'm sure I wouldn't be opposed to that!
I'm telling you it's worth a shot! it's become quite a fad among sushi places  here in Sweden
I would love to visit Sweden some day!
it's an alright place in my opinion. where are you from?
I'm from the US. Wish I wasn't right about now though. 🙃
the Trump thing?
I love it when it rains
My favorite breakfast is pongal, it is a south Indian dish made with rice.
Is it sweet or savory?
I realized I was officially an adult last night when I checked the weather to see if it was going to rain or if I needed to water my plants. &lt;_&lt;
Mine was taking my own garbage out. Fucked with my head a bit. 
You never took out the trash as a child?
Of course I did, but it was MY trash bin this time. Fucked with my head for a good 3 seconds. 
I used to play Harvest Moon on the SNES as a kid and this was me every (in-game) day.
Hey Redditors, have a nice day !
Thank you. You too, OP!
You too, French dude. I'm sure you'll have a good one.
Thank you, Miss/mister Chkldst !
You're French? I'm going to France for the first time next month.
Yes I am ! Where are you going ? :) Doubt you'll come in my city haha
Flying into Paris, then taking the train to Lyon the next morning. 
It's hard...
You're always being so nice! Have a nice day too :D
You're welcome ! I just like to spread positivity around :)
I have to work today so the chances of that happening are pretty slim unfortunately.
Go there with a positive attitude ! It'll much better than going there reluctantly 
I just got a haircut and it looks good so I have that going for me.
Fuck off 
Thank you soooo much you do the same😀😊☺🙌👍
How do you guys like to drink your coffee?
Orally
Oh god imagine coffee going in the other hole D:
Black as a moonless night. 
Black.
I'm trying to stop having caffeine though.
More power to you.
I'm with you 100%! I'm a Kona coffee farmer and I drink mine every day the same way as you. 
Kona has to be my favorite coffee bean of all time! 
*Some instant coffee with cream and sugar.*
My hair is turning white
Do you know any Eric's?
Pic or it didn't happen...
What's your favorite seasoning? Why do you like it the most?
I like lemon pepper. It's tangy. :)
Birthmarks reveal how you died in your past life - Tell me yours and I will interpret your death!
I have an almost perfect upside down Triangle on my left chest
Got one on my left shoulder, how did I die? 
I've got a rather large mole slightly below my right shoulder blade does that count?
Shot in the back! By your wife! But, you kind of deserved it for cheating on her with Agnus. 
Galaxy shaped birthmark on left nipple.
I have a dime sized circular one on my ribs 
What's your favourite season? Why do you like it?
I liked season 9, unlike season 8 where it sucked like massively sucked
*Season 9 of what?*
Why is everything you type in italics?
*Because I like italics.*
It makes everything you say seem super intense. 
Winter. I like the cold and snow looks nice
*I hate snow.*
Why? It looks nice and it's not that hard to clean.
I love summer because I have SAD and it is the only time my depression lightens :S
Redditors, how did you meet your SO ?
What SO? I'm 31 and have been alone my whole fucking life.
Same, brotha. 17 and I know no love.
21 and single...
hey everyone
hi! how goes it?
Doing okay, just relaxing while doing school work too.
u in college orrrrrr?
Was the gambino concert amazing?
lol i never would've guessed!
Lol😂😅
watch any good shows lately or is your life completely swallowed by reddit? 
My life is swallowed by Reddit lol.
what subs do u browse?
AskReddit.
AMA.
Casualiama.
CasualConveration.
&gt; My life is swallowed by reddit
&gt; Browses 4 subs
I follow way more than that though lol.
Still don't know you, but you're cute, you're nice, and I like you.
So are you, OP.
hey hey hey now you're cute and great and nice and amazing too.
Thank you ! &lt;3
You must have the wrong guy.
Of course not ! I think you're awesome !
I'm 26, graduated from University with honors, and can't get an entry level job. I could use some cheering up.
My man!
What state are you in? I know plenty of recruiters in the bay, Cali lol.
This is like every millennial's experience now
that's why i saved myself a shit ton of debt
What are your favourite hobbies?
I sail the laser ! 
If that's what I think it is wow! that's amazing! Have you been doing that for many years?
The Color Purple
Purple is my absolute worst colour.  I don't own anything purple at all.
/u/ysenia
Suck it
I WILL NOT SUBMIT
whats something about yourself you had to come to terms with?
That I can never drive.
Why
Legally blind, nystagmus  makes it near impossiblem
What is nystagmus?
What caused you to be blind 
Uncontrollable eye movement, have underdeveloped optic nerves.
How old were you when you became blind 
Was born blind
If there was a operation that would give you sight but had a 25% mortality rate would you do it 
No, I enjoy being blind.
What are you listening to?
Queens of the Stone Age. lol
For real man.
By the way, what's your favorite Fugazi album?
Red Medicine, you?
Repeated + 3 Songs; basic, I know.
Dance with the dead. They are cool, I guess?
What kind of music do they make?
Tell me about one thing you've done recently that has made you happy.
Got a gym membership yay
Nice, have you used it yet?
First time today, went okay
Playing with kittens and dogs and eating good food
People don't like me.
It sounds like you need new friends. Hi! I'm delibertine. 
These comments are risky not just for speech of eating babies. Which I don't do! 
I'm your opposite: people like me (well enough I guess), but I don't like people much. 
Community Q&amp;A
Ask me anything about anything
What is the question that you don't like to be asked?
What scent makes you happy?
Chlorine in pool water. My favorite job was being a lifeguard. Brings me back. 
that's a sweet gig. how long did you work it?
1.5 years
If you could be a certain age for a week, what would that age be?
If I decide to be younger do I go back to what I looked like at that age?
Yeah
We've barely met...
Cicadas or fruit flys?
Ummm neither...
Man youth these days. Can't even make educated decisions about insects. Gah.
Well, ask me anything!
Ask The Open Book!
If you had to choose any horror video game to become your life, which one would it be and why?
bendy and the ink machine, it's cool
My turn!
If you had a million dollar to spend in a day, what would you spend it on? 
A vacation to New Zealand. 
That's it, no lamborghinis or mansions???
Ask me something (anything) :)
What is the stupidest thing that you have done?
Try drugs at not so right times and places. :(
Yeah, hopefully you didn't fall in much trouble
I'd like to answer stuff!
I'm in an airport ama
where are you going?
Where have you always wanted to go?
whats trnh mean if anything
Let's do this amigo 
Who is your hero?
Do you play video-games? What is your favourite game?
did life got better after you turned 30?
Go.
Are you in a romantic relationship ?
Lay it on me.
Eh sure, I'm game. Ask away, I'm a mostly open book
Your Favourite Food?
That's a tough one. Probably my bbq bacon sushi. If not that, artisan pizzas all day.
Yummy!
Your turn...
Are we still doing this? I volunteer to be queried if so!
Your favourite sub-reddit?
Ask me :) 
What's the most badass thing you've ever done?
what's your favourite tv show?
Hey, what was your fav moment on reddit?
I don't really have one actually.
at all???
Nope I can't think of one.
You will get one :)
How about a different question?😀😊☺
Yeah sure, what's your favourite song?
I have way more than one favorite😂😅
Put them all!
Single redditors, how are you?
tbh im not sure if im single or not. i think im not single but uh idk. 
How come you're not sure?
4 hours and 100 comments late, but, not good. 
If you had to pick a new name for yourself, what would you pick?
Kara
Why that name in particular?
Hey redditors ! What makes you special ?
I'm left handed, not super unique but we're a special kind !
Left-handed people will always be cooler than us.
Hey me too.
*left handed high five*
High fives
 *then elbows someone behind me because this world isn't made for us leftys* 
I have heterochromia.
What is it ?
Two different colored eyes is the usual expression of it.
Oh it makes sense, thanks !
What color, OP ?
i have schizophrenia (☞■_■)☞ it makes my life hell and people think im weird but its me
Are you really or you're just kidding ?
I have chiari malformation! 
I'm the most empathetic person you will ever meet 
I have Albinism 
I feel like talking, talk to me :)
Do you know anything about anime
I do know a lot bro! 
So what animes have you seen lately, i have been watching Assassination Classroom. 
Boku no academia 
Is it good
It's dope so what are some of your favs? 
I really like One Punch Man. 
I didn't really like it. 
I just realized that my height is 4 feet 20 inches.
What are these measurements translated to a more sane format? :P although that is pretty funny. 
No idea. I know the metric system, I just can't convert.
&gt; 5'8
You are 1 meter and 73 centimeters
Interesting. How tall are you?
I'm 181 centimeters. So thats about a bit shy of 6 ft I think.
Y'all are some tall mofos :o
How tall are you? I was under the impression that I'm average height or shorter.
I'm 168 cm or 5'5
How's the weather up there?
I'm not that tall. I'm below the average male height. At least in my country (Netherlands).
I think am +5'7 
OH SHIT ME TOO
4'20, boi!
DAMN SON I AM PHYSICALLY LAUGHING AT THIS THREAD
I'm 5'2 everyone else in my family is 5'5 and/or taller 
Ahahaha me too, man, im dead
All of my grades came back
Thank you! How has your day been?
gz
Gz?
Congrats OP. Good luck with your second year. 
Thank you good man! If you haven't seen it, I highly recommend watching Wonder Woman.
I'm going to write my exam today. Hope, I can have the same feeling as you  later on. 
How long is the exam?
Make sure to stay hydrated and best of luck.
Congrats! I got my university grades a few days ago aswell and was very pleased with them! 
That's what I like to hear!
Are you finished completely or due to go back in September?
Well done OP! 
What you studying?
Economics and accounting, yourself? 
Mental health.
That's a great field to go into, loads of opportunities for you to delve into.
Here's a hypothetical question for you
I would walk in one direction, just to see if it really was empty.
Just walking, forever and ever
Hey redditors, what is your life motto ?
Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all thy getting get understanding.
I'm going to die eventually, might as well make the best of it while I'm still alive.
What's a motto?
It's a short sentence that you use to express one of your principle or a goal.
Look to your left, the first object you see will help you survive in the zombie apocalypse. What is it ?
A flag of Denmark. I heard rumors about zombies being afraid of the Vikings.
Small potted plant.  Looks like I'm zombie food.
Nail polish
An empty ceramic bowl with some potato chip crumbs.
I'm screwed.
A battery charger... 👀
Protein bar.  Guess I could use it as a brick. Melee weapon. 
An alarm clock. 
I guess it will wake me up in time to run away from the zombies?
Scissors. I wonder how useful they'll be. Wew.
I've got..a blanket. I'm dead. 
My friends. He can be a human sheild
I'm going to find a common interest in 5 yes/no questions.
I'm down.
Are you biologically male?
Do you play an instrument 
Do you smoke weed
Do you consider yourself a feminist
Not really, no.
Do you like puzzles?
No, I don't.
*gulp*
Sure, why not?
Do you have a favorite tv show
I haven't watched TV in 5 years or so. I actually don't even have a TV.
Do you like steaks
Okay. 
Do you have a cat
Cats. Yes. 
14 (2 indoors, 12 outdoor). 
I have a while before the day ends.  Go for it.
Do you collect anything
Do you like outdoor activities
Not particularly.
Do you like music
Do you prefer loose leaf teas
Have you ever seen arrested development?
No (don't even know what it could be, a TV show I guess?)
Bring it on! 
Do you like nachos
Hit me!
Do you think the earth is flat
We've got that in common lol
I wouldn't say the world's shape is a particular interest of mine :) 
No, I'm up :)
Would you prefer going to an aquarium over going to the zoo?
Hit me 
Do you like the show silicon valley
never seen it, sooooo - this doesn't count? D:
Are you competitive when you play games
Sounds fun!
Do you have a plan for the apocalypse (zombie or other)
I don't!
Do you like camping
Nope sorry! 
Do you prefer salty foods over sweet?
No I have a big sweet tooth!
Do you like to cook
Yo
Do you like massages
Don't really get them frequently but I wouldn't dislike them 
Do you like giving them
Nah
Do you practice any martial arts
Do you like watching doccer/football games
Sounds fun
Do you do any crafts
I'm up for some questions and always looking for new people to chat with!
:) do you like stand up comedy
Not really. Sometimes I find a few jokes funny here and there, but not usually!
Do you like movies
Do you like hiking
Well that was easy - yes! Except I call it bushwalking! :)
Down for anything 
Do you like going on rollercoasters
Go for it. 
Do you prefer mountains over the beach
Come at me. 
Do you like puns
Yeah they're punny. 
👫idk your gender, but if you can see this emoji, that's us
I'm a girl, guessing you're the dude? Haha 
If you're still doing this, I'm down.
I will give you a virtual high five. 
Do you like bike riding
Let's do this, Judas.
Sure thing!
Do you prefer a sausage pizza over pepperoni?
Go ahead
Burger medium rare?
Is that your first question? 
Let's do this. 
I really don't want to be at work today so let's pass some time.
Tell me about you
Smart
Handsome
Hard working
All three are great! I'd say you got a pretty good thing going for you.
Wat about u?
I care a lot
I kinda love kanye 
I need breakfast everyday 
Uhmm so  kind, music lover and a foodie...nice
I like to travel
I'm an artist
I play a lot of video games 
Pc games or mobile games?
Need a show/youtuber to binge watch
well what are your interests?
anime, Rick and Morty, cgp grey, and humorous podcasts
I just finished watching The Office. What now?
Watch the British one. It's arguably better.
Will do, thanks! But that's only two seasons, so what do I do on wednesday? :P 
It's always sunny in Philadelphia! 
My girlfriend said she wants to marry me :)
CONGRATS!
I had mono once. Slept for like a month straight 
Life is short, congrats
Life is short and you are hot.
Welcome New Mods!
People don't ban me
Did somebody say ban? 
WHERE? :D
I dunno, we better be ready though 
Fill in the blanks: If it weren't for ________, I would be ________.
If it weren't for my SO, I'd be dead. 
If it weren't for me, I would be successful.
That's not the way to blame others for your problems!  Try again
If it weren't for my Master's thesis, I'd be well rested
Hey guys, would you say you are lonely?
Damn my scores pretty impressive. 37.
Damn indeed my man. Is that accurate or do you think it doesn't really say anything about you?
38.
Maaan, you beat me. 33 checking in. Re-match next year? ;)
I got 33 😔
Me too, high-five! Maybe 33 is a lucky number, and we're the lucky ones?
High-five! Hopefully it is and that we don't feel lonely at all anymore
How much has your life changed in the last 2 years?
I have actually grown wings and I can breathe fire.
like a lot. 
Game: Give 3 incredible facts about yourself but one of them is false and we have to find which one it is
1. I'm an only child 
2. I have no student debt 
3. I drive a BMW M4
1) I've been in 37 American States
2) I've never moved houses
3) I've been to Europe
Obviously 2 lol
I once rode a limo 2 miles. I am wearing plaid underwear. I am gluten-free.
Why were you riding in a limo?
Grandmother rented it as a joke.
Do you have any idea of how much it costed to rent?
I'm gonna guess you're not gluten-free?
I think I'm in love.
This is so so so so so so sweet. Tell us more! How did you meet her? Thrilled for you both!
Cleaning out my Spotify, I noticed that there are sections of genres added that directly coincide with relationships I've had over the years. It's basically a catalogue of their personalities through music.
My daughter 
That's either a good thing or a bad thing 
One of my exs introduced me to East Coast style rap. The old school, good stuff. Oh yes.
Who the hell else can't whistle?
I can whistle.. but not by putting my fingers in my mouth.. this is frustrating.
Today was a shit day
The Moon Will Rise - And You Will Sleeb 
Same dude
What about the upcoming weeks? Are you gonna do anything you want to share?
No more school... so just chill...
How do you guys eat your burger so that the condiments don't fall all over the place?
Turn em upside down
Turn it inside out
Just accept messy burgers into your life 
The only true answer
Relish them
Circular motions 
Like you eat the burger while rotating and have the middle part at the end? 
Yeah, never fails and keeps everything evened out 
Cut it in half. Seriously, it works. My momma taught me that one :)
Order burger only when you drunk enough to not think about how to eat it.
How do I give orders to my burger?
A small favor that'll change a look on the world.
[:)](imgur.com/EyNW9xH) 
Hey, your link is broken. [I fixed it for you.](imgur.com/EyNW9xH)
That's annoying, I did it with the Reddit App link feature! Simple bugs like that are annoying.
I like your creativity,  nice job .
Someone got into my car thinking I was an uber.
Gotta make sure that Uber sticker is on the windshield!
Hey Casuals, today is /r/CasualConversation's Third Birthday!
My professional opinion is that we all are filthy casuals. 
What things do people say that you dislike?
When people shorten certain words, my two least favorite are Prof and cig
Saying I could care less instead of I couldn't care less.
For all intensive purposes
I'm all for sarcasm, but someone responding YA THINK?!? really grates on my nerves.
Literally
Problematic
out of my league
I'm, like, literally dead
I'm eating cheetos with chopsticks
.... This is brilliant... I'm going to have to dig up some chopsticks 
The important question is regular cheerios or honey nut cheerios.  Or off-brand?
I use either a spoon or just crush the Cheetos so that I can just raise the bag and 'drink it'.
I love doing this! Especially for Flamin Hor
Let's spread some good feels. What makes you happy?
*I am happy when I find a new favourite band.*
Fruit smoothies make me happy. 
Listening to Pink Floyd with some weed after a long day of studying Maths. That makes me happy.
Closing on my first house in 3 weeks. Still nervous, but definitely excited bout it.
What are things that you've realized about yourself since June 2016?
I'm lazier than I thought.
Nothing wrong with that! 
thanks bro.
Anytime girl!
What's your username's origin story?
Mine's pretty obvious I'd assume.
I just really like ducks.
Tell me something happy about yourself
I picked out a booger I couldn't reach, I feel pretty accomplished
I'm sober 931 days today  WOOT WOOT
It's midnight and I'm so bored, send help.
hii how're you?!😊🎉
I'm doing pretty good thank you so much for asking yourself 
That's great!
I'm doing pretty good, I have a bit of a belly ache though :/
Uh oh why?
I think I ate too fast haha 
Uh oh lol 
After two years living in the bad neighborhood I've overcome some prejudices I didn't know I had.
That's funny. My prejudice is like opposite of yours. 
How so? 
I think he hates the burguoisie.
bro.. give me a fucking break. 
That's a good story,  but damn!  Tall black guys are usually pretty u scary
I feel like talking, talk to me guys?
What's up?? I love talking!
Hello😀☺🙌👍😊
Hey! I love emojis :)
Me too😀😊☺🙌👍👏
hahaha
So whatcha doing right now? 
nothing, I'm just thinking...
What about you?
Not much really lol 
How's your Wednesday?
Exhausting. I'm about to crack open a cold one 
My Wednesday was great, actually.  I had an actual good day for the first time in a long time.
Do you get excited when you a message notification icon on Reddit? I sure as heck do!
It's all I live for
Ahh same here it's so good
I do too! I know the feeling of not having many friend irl
Yay, let's be friends. I like having internet friends, and getting orange envelops too. 
Evening Penguin!
Howdy :)
Yes... Totally yes. 100% yes... Yes
Do you really?
Just did right now with your post!
I'm ecstatic to get any notification on any social media outlet, I'm so lonely.
Seeing a message in my inbox makes me feel special. Thanks Reddit!
Every time except for after a bender. Then its what'd I say.....?!
Four years in and an orange envelope still gives me the tingles.
Another tingle for ya now!
What's the one television show you can always turn on and enjoy, no matter what episode is on?
Its Always Sunny In Philadelphia. 
*It's HIMYM for me, too!*
YES! Watching as we speak! Lol 
*I watched it in the morning today...*
Saddest episode: season 8 episode 20 The Time Travellers 
*How many seasons are there, btw?*
Scrubs and Burn Notice
Scrubs is awesome! Love me some Zach Braff! 
I have been working for about a year now on actively improving my outlook on life and positivity, and can say with pride that I am happier than I've ever been on a consistent daily basis.
Are you me? That is literally my last year in a nutshell.
That's not you, that's /u/XFAwkward
Sounds like me.
Its us
Hell yeah it is. Brothers in arms right?
There's this old saying in my country
She'll be right - New Zealand, the better version of Aussie
Is that how every new zealander end their sentence? 
Vietnamese : Ði Pháp.
Literal translation : Going to France.
Meaning : Going to die.
How do you pronounce a d with a strikethrough
I just need a stranger to talk to for a bit.
Would you like to talk with me? Fair warning I like to talk about my faith.
Sure. Fair warning I am an atheist
What do you wanna talk about fam ?
Anything. Cars bikes. DnD. Tampons (not really)
hi!
ive had better days for sure. but supprisingly not the worst how is yours
Am I the only one that has experienced this?
That's why I set my alarm clock as 24 hour. 
Just ordered my pet rock, I need name suggestions.
Well what about Sylvester the Stone? 
Good idea. Or Steve - for Steve Austin, who's known for being... rather *stone cold*.
Smie. It incorporates letters from the three classifications of rocks.
Arthur.
It means rock or stone in Gaelic. 
[](/maudpie)Boulder
This one made me laugh lol 
[](/maudcrunchy) Boulder's a perfectly fine name.
how about frank?
Mushrooms
I don't eat anything that uses chitin as a structural protein. Mushrooms give me the creeps. 
Why yes, I love tripping!
:) I'm planning on tripping soon 
LSD or shrooms?
Let's talk about some of your favorite music
Kind of guilty actually. 
I hope you feel much better🤗😇
Hello Redditiors how are you guys doing tonight?
Hi! Just finishing up Gotham and hoping I sleep well tonight. 
Awesome 
How are you? How was your Monday?
Playing fifa on my phone
Shall we play online?
I'm not really a soccer fan lol.
How about any other game? Just asking...feelong bored
Like what? 
Ur wish..any multiplayer online mobile game
I don't really play any of those😢😢
Ok cool..no prob
So how do you like Reddit so far? 
Being in your 20's is weird
Now that I'm in late 30s I feel weirder 
If you think your 20's is weird.
Wait till you see your 60's! :)
Quick Survey about Snack Choices!
1. Salty 
2. Crunchy 
3. Pieces 
Salty. 
Crunchy. 
In pieces I can put together (like cheese and crackers, or a trail mix). 
What's your legitimately unpopular opinion?
I'm a sci-fi fan and Star Wars bores the fucking shit out of me.
I don't believe that everyone needs to vote. I certainly didn't this election. 
Why not?
Gun control should be almost non-existent anywhere in the world
Is it a matter of freedom or safety?
This is a casual conversation about whatever
I had to explain what selling my plasma from my body was lol
Some changes are going on atm, so it's an interesting ride right now, plus I'm just way sleepy
Man, I'm craving some buffalo wings right about now.
What should I name my cat?
She's got smores colors (chocolate, marshmallow, graham cracker). You should name her Smorgan. 
gonna have to pass, thanks for the suggestion though!
Womper. 
If you want to go really French, Pantoufle is an adorable, fluffy name
Lucifer.
What exactly is wrong with girls that have mostly guy friends?
They're gay
Strawberry fan club
The Pineapple Fan Club has waged war on the Strawberry Fan Club.
I discovered a huge wasp had found a new home in the outdoor electrical outlet box on the back of my house. So I sealed that motherfucker inside by covering the holes with tape.
So much sadism here.  I'm not pro wasp but... dang guys.
Yep. It's a living creature. Also not a wasp fan but :(
Yeah, they are assholes but let's at least take care of our problems humanely.
Help me name my cats?
Artemis and Athena?
I just can't find my passion in life
Join the army
I can't discourage this enough, unless you have no other choice.
Y tho?
In my experience, it's just not worth it. 
been feeling really lonely lately, anyone wanna chat? :)
I would love too😀😊☺🙌👍
hello friend!! how are you doing today? what time is it where you are? :)
I'm doing great it's 9:26 pm.
awesome! it's around 2.30pm for me right now lol, how was your day? did you do anything fun? :o)
What's your favorite videogame?
Half life 2 and its episodes
Been pretty down on myself lately. Let's have an awesome distracting conversation?
What are some of your hobbies? 
Binge watching Netflix, hiking, biking, and reading! 
I'm in for the second option, something boring!
What's your favorite color?
Yellow (and red!)
Ever been to a kingdom by the sea? Are you a maiden? 
Do you like tea?
I do! I like all kinds of tea, especially black tea!
Do you take it sweet or unsweetened?
It depends! Usually unsweetened 
Hot right? Unsweetened black tea doesn't taste so good cold imo
Yes! The only cold tea I like is green tea ha
I love cold green tea. Ever drink green tea with ginger?
Anybody want me to write them a song?
Sure. 
You can write me one
Me 🙋🏻
Can you write me a song about a girl named Katie? 
What about her?
Me!
Tell me something good that happened to you today
My crush texted me today! It made me so happy. 
I got the house all to myself. XD
I got out of work early and went to see Wonder Woman.
That's amazing! I'm trying to convince my friends of going. How was it???
What are you doing?
Unpacking the RV after a week of camping. So sad to be home :(
Just chillin after a day in the water. Lazy Sundays are the best
I needed that today but it rained where I am. Did you go to the pool or lake?
I just pulled out a tick from my friend's dog and now I feel itchy all over.
Such a good friend. What kind of dog?
Sitting in a public vehicle heading for work
Trying to sleep, also stressing about exams
Sitting in my car on my lunch break. 
Lunch? What time is it there?
7:43pm. I work the night shift. 
Im reading a book about drawing. 
Daydreaming about a video game. Looking for ways to become unaddicted.. maybe you know a way?
In biology class, browsing Reddit after taking the final.
How did the final go?
90%. Super happy, was shooting for at least a B-
Shitting and just typing this. 
How is it going?
What is your passion and why?
Gaming and skill toys like Rubik's Cube, Kendama, Balisong etc.
What are some weird facts or quirks about you?
I'm completely unlovable and will die alone.
My girlfriend told me I need a hobby.
Cooking can be a hobby is class it up.
Tell her You are my hobby and kiss her passionately.
Does anyone have some decisions they need help with?
Dark Red. Why would anyone ever wear green?!?!?!
Do you think you could share your profession/field of study?
I'm currently an English literature undergrad hoping to get my Masters in creative writing. 
If I may ask, what do you plan to do after you get your Masters?
I'd like to be a writer, so I'll probably teach creative writing at a university and write. 
I was with a friend when he passed away on Tuesday. Last night I left his memorial service and found his first and last names on Coke bottles next to each other at the store. Let's talk about weird coincidences.
Plot Twist: This was posted by the Coke Social Media Intern.
Totally. Ten year old Reddit account but we're playing the long game over here at Coca-Cola™️. 😎
What are your plans for the weekend?
Buy a new shirt. It literally takes me 8 hours to find one I like. 
Pants shopping is even worse! Cant find 28/9 by 30 jeans anywhere
Does anyone else feel like they don't have anonymity on Reddit?
I delete my accounts and start over every few months. 
Ask me a question, then edit it to make me look dumb
What is the first word you can think of?
3-4-methylenedioxymethampetamine (seriously though)
What is your favorite animal to pet?
A dog!
Asians these days
What about them? 
Favorite movie?
what's the worst thing you ate. 
Do you consider dogs good or bad?
There's actually a sub for this: r/amathenedit  
Besides that, are you better today?
What is your favourite band and why?
For me it's a tie between Blink 182 and All Time Low
Random conversation/role play
Am I under arrest, or not?
What did you do, MDP!? D:
Whatever you're going to ask, the answer is No!
You think I'm being paranoid but the truth is I'm worth a lot more to her dead than alive.
I've been checking you out.
Oh really? Do I have a stain on my shirt?
What's everyone listening to for the weekend?
Listening to Brian Puspos's debut album
You mean, debut EP hehe. Damn, his voice is pretty great! I like the style
I recently discovered the Canadian Brass group and have been loving them.
Papa Roach's new album Crooked Teeth is an absolute banger. 
How would you describe your appearance?
18/F/cali
*I'm 18, too.*
I can't believe how lucky I am
Sounds like you have a boring life.
Congrats! In a healthy, happy relationship myself and love it. 
What is everyone doing this weekend?
Tons of video games!
Always a great answer what are you playing? 
I've been obsessed with Minecraft recently. And I want to play more Watchdogs. What do you play?
I've just finished work and gonna go to the pub later on my own for a drink and chill.
Excellent choice. Saturday's were meant for the pub 
Heading to BookCon with my gf!
nothing except sitting in the sunshine 
Well I'm working today but I have an interview tomorrow at 130 so I'm super pumped for that! 
I told the IT guy at work I like him
Always the IT guys getting the pretty girls... 
He is lucky. I wonder how does he feel like now... Just wait
Do you ever imagine yourself in a relationship or a romantic situation with someone you meet once, by chance?
Many many many times, too many actually
To everyone i meet even slightly attractive 
 There's a Lenny Kravitz song about this....
Are you working on a creative project right now?
I'm currently making a mosaic of my favourite word! Let me take a picture.
Just repaired my cosplay automail prop. It's almost 11 and the con is tomorrow I fucked up
Who will you be?
What are you reading?
A short story collection called St Lucy's Home For Girls Raised By Wolves. 
*Trying to read a book about WWII...*
Not into history books? Or just too depressing sometimes?
About halfway through Watership Down.
Well folks, I'm taking the step..
What kind of wedding or ceremony are you having? I just want to do a courthouse ceremony.
Just a small little gathering on the beach..nothing crazy lol. 
That's nice, I hope you guys have a wonderful time! How many years have you been together?
Feeling bummed Netflix canceled one of my favorite shows sense8
I feel your pain. I loved Sense8. It was like no other show.
If money and/or talent wasn't an object, what would be your dream job?
To be a personality with the rooster teeth family. 
Who else in their 20s have no idea what they want to do with their lives?
I had this exact feeling after a year in college and decided, What the hell, Navy sounds neat.
Do you use the reddit app or the online site?
I use use the app to browse nosleep at night.
Sadly no night mode.
Nosleep? The subreddit?
If you are reading this, I hope you have a nice day
Thanks :) hope you have lots of happiness and love in your life
Thank you so much
I hope you have lot of happiness and love in your life too
You. I like you. 
Thank You 
I hope you're having a good day!
Yes it was a good day. Thank you
It's 2am now so it's a new day
I hope you had a good day too
I just started my 8 hour trip to Ohio for Colossal con. pretty good day so far.
Have a great trip out there
k
and if you're not reading this, well fuuuuuck *you*
I just feel worse now because im letting you down
Oh no
Don't tell me what to do.
And if you're not reading this you can BURN IN HELL - the thought that makes me smile.
Thank you, OP! You are a very nice and amazing person. I hope you have a nice day as well. :)
**BREAKING NEWS** */U/Cailllech hopes people who doesn't read their post have a bad day!* 
If you had the power to stop time, what would you do with it?
Kill all the world leaders I want and watch everything descend into chaos.
What are you wearing right now?
Khakis and a dark red dress shirt.
Jeans and a Monster Energy Supercross t-shirt. 
I'd wear a Monster shirt if they weren't so flashy. 
Really old second hand pajamas someone gifted half a decade ago. Super glamorous.
Honestly though, second hand pajamas are sometimes the best. 
Tokyo Ghoul shirt, Tony Hawk Sweatshirt, Black Levi's, and Jordans.
which Jordans?
Blue stripy boxers. I'm in bed.
I'm about to be doing the same thing as you. 
You're not wearing my boxers and you ain't getting into my bed either. 
*yet*
Green tshirt and boxers - its 12AM so sleepy time for me now
My EMS uniform
My scrubs 
Black skinny jeans with two holes in the knees and a colorful Aztec inspired crop top.
A The Who T-Shirt, and some new cargo pants!  
Technically also some Logik headphones.
Neff X disney shirt, some kmart shorts and some Jordan 1s
What food could you eat every day for the rest of your life and not get tired of?
Fiber one bars
I can eat an entire sushi roll and not feel full.
Reasons why I love the all you can eat sushi bar near me. 
I have Sushiya in my area, it's exquisite
You can move anywhere in the world and always have a well paying job available that lets you afford living there happily. Where do you go?
Somewhere in Ireland! I loved it when I visited, nice people and nice landscape. 
Whats a Video Game you love but can't get your friends into?
Dark Souls.  I've got one friend who also plays, but he still hasn't finished DS1.
How much of a hypocrite are you?
I love animals, but I also love eating meat.
At least 20%.
For the first time in my life I poured the perfect amount of milk for my cereal
I'm so proud 
What sort of wizardry is this?
Have you ever put exactly $20.00 worth of gas in your car?
Wanna talk?
Hey! How are you today? 
I won't say no to a conversation.
Awesome! Me neither. What do you like to do? 
ehm sure, but what would we talk about... for this is kinda akward
What do you do for fun? 
Hey, how are you doing?
What's up how are doing? 
I'm doing great man, how bout you
What do you like to for fun? 
Nice. I also like it
I'm feeling anxious. Would anyone be willing to help/just talk?
Hello! How are you?
That is good! And I am alright!
Yep! What have you been up to today?
Not much really lol getting ready for my Birthday Tomorrow 
That sounds nice! Happy early birthday!
Hi bud.
Anxiety sucks. I have it too.
Would love to talk...
How's your day been?
Yeah, it really does. And that would be nice! My day has been alright, how about you?
If you came to the UK what would be your to do list?
Go to the Eye of London, go to a football game, drink at pubs. Any other suggestions?
Fish and Chips, then all the touristy stuff.  Then find a local to show me the local stuff.
Maybe a trip to the beach!
It's my birthday today
Happy Birthday!!! How old are you now??
Thanks, mate!  I just turned 20
And what are you going to do today???
I don't really have any plans for today. Seems like it's going to be just like any other day xD
Mm anything? Maybe watch some films or tv shows, or play video games?
Happy birthday!!! 🎂 do you have plans to celebrate?
Why do you comment but not upvote the thread?
Because someone upvotes but doesn't comment, so it equals out.
_Why are we doing italics though?_
*I lean towards that view as well.*
*that's a tilted way of thinking*
Everything you post is annoying to read because of it.
Two things: people forget and you can have 50 comments with only 7-10 commenters.
Dunno. I also always upvote comments I reply to or that replied to mine.
*I do that too.*
Commenting for the free up vote. 
Fuck yo thread
I usually upvote but don't comment...
If you can live in a game world, which game world will you live?
The Witcher 3 as Geralt. Because that means endless stuffed unicorn time with Yennefer. 
triss is better
If you don't say Pokémon you are wrong.
I'm a US soldier on break. Having a rough day (PTSD). Please help distract me by talking.
Hey, I'd love to talk to you if you'd like. How long is your break? 
3 weeks :/
Ah, not very long then. What have you been up to for the most part?
Have you been over to r/veterans yet?
No I did not know that existed.
Worth checking out. Plenty of vets deal with what you're going through every day.
h. H hi
what inspired your username?
It's not even 10 am and I'm already drinking some hard alcohol.
Organzing a lil' party for my mother
That sounds like fun! Is it her birthday?
Yep, turning 40
What stage of school you guys in?
Fifth year of universty, slowy going insane 
Do you take breaks regularly?
As in vacations?You need them.School alone is not healthy :)
Summer break is the only break we get haha at university here in sweden
Last year of high school, gonna be starting uni next year. No idea what i want to study yet.
What subjects you thinking about right now?
Im good at languages, so i figure it'll be something involving that.
But do you like languages?
Yes, definitely 
Second year out of three doing a degree! Going uni in September to finish my final year!
The done with school phase. 
In what way?
Mentally done or literally done?
Floating through the middle of undergrad out of sequence.
What is your thing?
My thing is pinball, though I worry that to a lot of people, it's the only thing about me.
I've been playing Stern Pinball Arcade recently. Current local highscore.
My thing is poetry/writing and uplifting people.
I love that you consider uplifting people your thing. This belongs to /r/wholesomememes.
Anime and music, definitely.
Anyone want to just talk?
Sure, what are your thoughts on square versus normal cut pizza?
Sure, but I'm very tired and ran out of brain fuel so I can't think of any particular topic.
Does anyone need uplifting?
Yes. 
You are a mod, thanks for being a mod!
Wait I am? GASP! BEHOLD ME IN ALL MY MODLY GLORY! 
Yep, you have ascended!!
Do I get superpowers? 
Of course you get superpowers, you should know that by now :)
Excuse me while I use them to ~~take over the world~~ help the innocent! 
Sure why not. Everybody loves a little wholesome moment
What happened to you that made you feel like you need uplifting? 
What's your guilty pleasure?
Not turning off Ariana Grande, Katy Perry or Miley Cyrus songs in the car 
Very rude of you to exclude Taylor Swift of the list. 
Pizza and hip hop
Tell us about someone you love
I can't really think of anyone right now :/
Wow not even in Porkington???
What hobbies do you have?
I read manga a lot or watch anime.
How old is the building you live in?
I live in a 4-plex built in 1910.
Celebrate:
Today marks a year since I quit smoking. 
Hooray! First cake day! I am now a one-year-old Redditor! :)
Just ended the relationship with my girlfriend of three years, need someone to talk to
Sup dude
Well, pretty shitty now. Had an okay day until now, though. You?
I'm doing pretty good thank you so much for asking 
Whatcha wanna talk about? 
Seen any good movies lately?
Dang I'm not really much of a movie person but i have to say I do enjoy star wars, wbu?
I just watched Zootopia for the first time the other day, it was really good
I'm here bro
I feel relaxed, ready for some convos!
I'm watching Harry Potter and drinking a beer. 
I'm thinking about making my own YouTube channel.
Go for it! Which genre?
Comedy mostly.  I love the whole video making process, but I just need a subject to focus on.
It should be original.
I agree!  It's tricky not to do what your favorite content creators have already done. 
I wish you the best! Tell me your alias if you get popular.
I'm watching The Mighty Boosh
sounds like a cool show!
What is the best concert you've ever attended ?
Ariana Grande. It was the bomb!
Tell me something about yourself &amp; I'll ask you a question!
I am actually a moron from Czech Republic.
Haha! Question for you - Where would you want to be born if you could choose?
I have an Obsession and Fascination with Serial Killers and True Crime?
Haha, a lot of people do!
What is something that is popular now that annoys you?
Good question I have no idea lol I will have to get back to you on that one lol 😂😂😂😅😅😅😂😅
I've been keeping a small rock with me for years now and I don't know what purpose it holds.
Rock on!
until the very last breath! 
A touchstone.
Maybe it keeps tigers away? 
Maybe it is your token as described in Inception?
Do you miss people you were friends with?
all the time... especially the people who you stopped talking to on bad terms
Would you try to fix it if you had the chance? 
I feel this way sometimes. Mostly when the friendship drifted rather then got shut down though.
It's frustrating because you think What happened..
very true :(
It's life :(
Post what superpower you'd like most to have. The top reply is the inconvenient limitation that goes with it.
Time control.
Flight! 
Invisibility!
But only when you're standing still.
A bigger dick than my big ass dick.
Teleporting!
It's horribly inaccurate by several feet 
Brb finding some large fields.
You can spawn cute kittens at will.
Telekinesis?
Mind reading abilities 
Only works on dogs
Shapeshifting!
Cryokinesis! (ice powers)
You get sunburned in temperatures above 10°C.
in Australia with our hair-thin Ozone? already happens man.
Power or item? If we could extend to items, I'd want a Green Lantern Ring. 
Only works when you have access to wifi. 
Like, have the password or are within range?
Have the password.
Perfect health including rapid healing.
Reddit stresses me out.
This thread has been very cathartic for me.
I need some distractions. Let's talk about things.
Sure thing. What's the problem?
Hello there!
I'm all right. Tired, though.  
You?
I love my girlfriend.
what causes this situation 
Let's just say neither of us are supposed to be on the dating scene. 
NAUGHTY NAUGHTY.
Not what you're thinking, damn. 
Ok well what are we supposed to think?
well what is it then 
Parents. 
I love your girlfriend too.
Is it because parents don't allow it?
I saw a cute girl today
chick fil a?
Nope, the Hobby Lobby corndog and taco bar. 
If she was wearing rainbows, dude, there's subtle hope she's could be one of us!
It was a rainbow snapback, so the odds seem to be in my favor
I know the feeling. Did you have the courage  to talk to her?
Why work at a restaurant that is known for being homophobic?
Hey dudes, it's my birthday today.
Happy Birthday to you😀😀😀😊😊😊☺☺☺🙌🙌🙌👍👍👍🎈🎈🎈🎉🎉🎉🎊🎊🎊🎀🎀🎀🎁🎁🎁🎂🎂🎂🍰🍰🍰🍦🍦🍦🍨🍨🍨🍧🍧🍧
Talk to me.
Hi there.
Beer or liquor?
Beer to chase the liquor.
Hello mate. How you doing?
Hello, how's it going?
It's going pretty good thank you so much for asking yourself? 
You must like cats,  judging from your reddit name
Got fired today. FUCK YEAH!
Do you get unemployment?
I have a list of questions that tend to elicit interesting answers—comment below and I'l ask you one! A reverse AMA, if you will.
I'll play ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Can I still get one?
Oh most definitely!
What is your least popular opinion?
Oh wow. You've chosen well.
1.) Fun, in and of itself, is not a worthwhile purpose.
depends on the purpose, doesn't it?
I'll have one interesting question to go please 
Ask away friend!
Hi op 
Oh! Pick me! Pick me!
Go on... 
I'm in!
I'll do this Reverse AMA if it's still going.
I'd like a question if ya don't mind. 
Do me
I'm feelin it, but me!
 I'm in! Shoot me a question, friend! 
You got it!
What is the best compliment you've ever given someone?
Hm... Probably I'm inspired by you. 
Lame? 
I'll bite
Is this thing still on?
Have at you!
Aight let's do this
Me me me?! Please
Tell me 
How do you feel about the female only screenings of Wonder Woman
They're basically holding a girl's night out or a ladies' night. I don't see the big deal. 
Why don't they also have a guy's night out? I know a lot of guys who are excited for this movie.
I'm a woman and I don't care.  Don't like it, don't go.   Or ignore it.  
Is anyone having a bad day?
Always. Everything is a cope.
Do you want me to draw you a picture or anything?
This may be very pathetic, but can you draw me an picture of a cute girl? Lmao.
Yay! artwork.. picture?
Sure, what would you like me to draw?
Oh gosh, I'm so indecisive
Do you have a favorite animal? I could draw that!
Red Panda!
What are some hobbies for people with no talent
Anime I guess.
You take that back. Anime requires a *lot*  of talent*!*
Pay no mind to thus guy OP...
its raining outside anybody wanna talk?
hello! what is she like? :)))))))
she likes memes,she is shy, she likes musicals and shes edgy but shes not an emo
she sounds cute af!!!!! are u going to ask her out? qhat are u sketching?
no we never met before we are internet friends ;)
aw!!! i hope u meet :)
yeah maybe one day :)
~~maybe~~ one day
Tell us about the girl.
she likes to draw . likes memes , musicals , she is also edgy but shes no emo 
who doesn't like memes?
i know :)
I love the rain! 
What do you draw?
cartoons and other faces and some comics :)
Awesome!
thank you &lt;3 :)
I sometimes play around with this cartoon horse doodle, it's silly but fun. :)
thats very nice :)
cartoons and animals
Thank you :)
I have crushes on girls too. Unfortunately they never like me the way I like them.
I feel you :) but you are probably meant for someone way more beautiful :)
HI! how are you?
Im doin pretty good what do you do most of the time?
Reddit pretty much lol I'm addicted 
Me too! how did you come up with that username?
I just came up with it randomly lol I wish I could I change it though lol
well you seem to be stuck with it now :) btw im 13
Want advice? Come in here and I'll give you advice as best as I can on any issue that is bothering you.
What's the best way for a girl to ask a guy for his number? 
Holy Fuck, It's My Cakeday!
Favorite KIND of cake?
Heresy! All cake is great!
Chocolate. Peanut butter. salted Caramel. Confetti. I CAN'T DECIDE!
Happy Cake Day😀😊☺🎂🍰🎈🎉🎊🎀🎁
What song is in your head right now? Is it internal torture or really not that bad?
PERCOCET
MOLLY PERCOCET 
[UPDATE] Holy fuckamole the girl I like actually said yes and I'm actually blown away
Good for you!
Love the username :)
I must spread the word: *read Murakami*! 
What's Murakami?
I'm Pretty Sad, Can We Have A Happy, Casual Conversation?
My duck farted today :D
Nice! What kind of duck.
..I dont have a duck :(
Am I the only one who thinks bears are cute as hell? 
No. Bears are the cutest. I want a pet bear!
Cake or pie?
Both.
I'm hanging in there. Getting very tired though. How are you?
I'm doing pretty doing pretty good thank you so much for asking 
Of course. Any plans for the weekend?
Nope not really yourself? 
A few family friends over for dinner, then outlet mall on Sunday. 
That's awesome😀😊☺🙌👍
Thanks! I'm looking forward to getting some new stuff for summer.
Anyone doing anything about going bald?
I'm 19 and clearly going bald so you had your run mate
Sorry to hear that mate :(  Guess I should could myself lucky.
Hello Friends, It's officially Dinner time, what are you having?
I just made a salad with grilled chicken, pickles, tomatoes, and cheese. 
That sounds really good too, minus the pickles! 😅
Tacos bitch! 
Penne and fake-chorizo and red sauce from meal prep
Guláš! Has beef, broth, and a lot of other various things. Wanted a taste of home.
Spicy curry chicken with garbanzo beans. Roasted broccoli.
Do you ever wish you could turn your brain off?
Yes. Then I discovered taking my sleeping pills with alcohol 👌😴
Is that dangerous?
What song gives you goosebumps every single time you hear it?
Recently, its Grew Up at Midnight by The Maccabees. Especially the last minute or so.
How has no-one mentioned Everything in it's Right Place? It's awesome. 
Goosebumps - Travis Scott
A Discussion of Poetry
Do you peeform open mics?
*I like poetry very much and I also write it...*
Awesome! What kind of poetry are you fond of? 
*I like modernist poetry.*
Who do you read?
How did you come up with your reddit username?
I wanted people to PM me pictures of rice cookers
My initials are DT.  Deity.  Get it?
Justin Timberlake is a cool person and I like weed.
I setup a throwaway to use for an AMA and ended up just using the account regularly 
Can we still AYA because I WOULD LOVE TO KNOW MORE ABOUT THIS
*I like the name Margaret and I also like Pedro the Lion... It's a band.*
Oh,, I recognize you! You're the girl who right in reddit like it's a diary! Hi! :D
*Yes. Hey, how are you doin'?  :)*
Well, I'm a space dragon...
I consider myself a bro and Brotagonist was taken so I went with TheOneTrueBro
Bobs burgers. 
The username Boomp was taken
And what is boomp supposed to mean? 
It's what I say when my cats hit their heads against me whenever they want attention! :-)
I want people to spank my potato. It's kinda my thing.
I named my reddit after this book I'm writing 
I replaced the i in time with a y.
*groundbreaking*
Good morning! Tell me something interesting about you!
I'm learning to play golf at Rory McIlroy 's old club. That's all I got.
I am a high functioning autistic, though that's not that interesting.
That's nice. 
I have Albinism.
So CC what's happening today? Any big plans?
Writing my second to last final exam in an hour! Woohoo! 
What subject?
bring your phone and we can help you cheat!
Gym then volunteering! 
Volunteering doing what?
Office work for a chairty
That must be really rewarding 
Naw not really pretty borring work
Oh that sucks. What's the charity for?
Children that  needs mentors in their lives
What brings you joy?
Minecraft!
Which demographic of people do you usually attract?
Invisible girls I guess.
So like Jessica Alba from Fantastic 4? haha
Exactly! :)
Asian guys 
I'm also 23, female, and asian. I've noticed I seem to attract latino men the most.
If someone offered to pay you a $1 million to eat one dish for every meal for 6 months, what would it be?
Chicken, vegetables and rice
Tossed green salad with chicken breast. Get all my nutriants. 
What kind of dressing?!
I just spent hundreds of dollars and 7 hours of my time proving my company wrong
can i have 600 dollars
Hell yes, ask your mom, that's what I did.
you asked /u/friedmonster 's mom for $600?
What's your creative outlet?
I like to draw and paint, although most of the time all I make time for is doodles. 
Whats the best compliment you've ever received?
A girl I was dating invited her best friend to bed with us.
What do you guys do for a living?
I am a third year engineering student in computer science 
Anyone else having a great Monday?
I have beer. 
What kind? 
Lots. 
Ah, so the best kind? 
Well, I don't know about having a great Monday, but it hasn't been awful.  
Have you ever felt that you just wanted to be hugged?
I miss hugs. One of the biggest things I miss about my mom. She gave those meaningful hugs. 
:') I appreciate that a lot. Thank you, sweet person.
My chassis is far too hot for human embrace.
I've recently been there. I've been hugged before but I really need it again
Awz ;3 I appreciate you
Thank you! :)
Basically me, every day.
What was your best 5 minutes this weekend?
A slow dance with the guy I love at his sister's wedding. :) 
Cooking for my wife 
Do you post things on Reddit because of getting karma?
You can has my upvote
*Thanks.*
It's not the karma, it's the orangereds
*The what?*
The orangered envelope in the top right
What is Reddit good?
I really like doing domestic chores
Help we wash toilet, I hate it, I'd rather be shot to death 
It's not as bad if the cleaning is regular.
Do you ever have days wherein you feel like doing nothing in life except watching tv and eating popcorn?
Yep, in that stretch. Binging this show called Top of the Lake right now.
Yes, I do.  However I have no popcorn.
Hell, right now I just wanna sleep for a long while, but I got shitloads of math to do.
Do you have a favorite lesser known band or song artist that you listen to?
Tash Sultana.. love Courtney Barnett too. And Camp Kope
What do you hope to accomplish within the next week?
Getting the house ready for my new puppy!
Oh my gosh, lucky! I love puppies so much. What breed is he/she? 
Great Pyrenees Mountain Dog ;D
I wanna make this brownie recipe I found on Pinterest! 
Is there a twist to the recipe?
I hope to do well on my last two finals!
Actually getting out some new job apps would be a swell start!
I want to start up at the gym again, go to the doctor, and buy a trumpet!
Anyone want to play the question game?
dark brown
What's something you wish you would have started doing earlier?
Flossing. I started flossing every other night a few months ago, and now it's a habit.
That's a good one. 
We meet again, my old friend.
It's been far too long. 
Like... minutes
Only have so many minutes, I'd very much like to spend them with an old friend. 
I'll say!
Oh good, you've returned. I was waiting. 
Sorry I've been on and off for a while. Hope I haven't kept you waiting too long.
What do you like talking about?
Space and movies.
I love space, I love the planets stars and galaxies. And more than that but you get the idea.
Light pollution free areas are very fucking far away. That upsets me.
What song have you been obsessed with recently?
 Catastrophe and Whoa-o by Forever the Sickest Kids because I love them
1979 - Smashing Pumpkins
Helps me to stay calm and relaxed. 
Queen - Too Much Love Will Kill You
What personality traits do you guys find attractive?
Having a fucked up sense of humor.
I can sometimes have a dark humor. 
rant to me!
absolutely go for it! things happen for a reason. where do you want to move to?
I want to die. Thanks for listening.
hey girl! what's up?
I ate too much pizza and now I'm full and I feel fat, also I want more pizza.
I actually feel content in life. Nothing is really bothering me right now.
I broke up with my boyfriend yesterday
Hello kittykat lmao. Is that from wedding crashes?! 
What have you purchased that still makes you happy?
A memory foam mattress pad. Bed purchase I've ever made. 
My ecco shoes. I bought it 3 years ago and still wear them. They still look good as new. 
my lime green New 3DS XL and my Kindle Voyage. :)
I assume the 3DS is a portable game player.  If so, what's your favorite game on it?
Probably legos
There is a zombie standing in the doorway of your room.
Plastic fork , i'm screwed
Go for the eyes and maybe you can escape! 
Wouldn't it make the zombie angrier ?
I mean, it's going to eat you whether it's angry or not, lol. Might as well go down fighting. 
For a while i tough you said fucking xD
Xacto knife... could be worse.. but yes, I'm totally screwed.
House phone. I'm fucked
I got a fidget spinner so???
Object to my left is a bowl and fork. I could kill someone with that easily
What are you curious about?
Why hot dogs come in packages of 10 and buns in packages of 8
Science and philosophy 
Hello Sausage-kun. Who are your favorite philosophers?
Bertrand Russell and David Hume
Pharmacology, fonts, and automobiles.
Fonts? You mean fonts like from Word and all this?
I'm new at reddit and I'm having a hard time participating because of all the rules.
When you get familiarized with all the trolls and bots you'll understand why that's a thing.
I decided to finally stop being a fat piece of shit last week, and I doubled my weight loss goal within the first week!
Wow! That's awesome!  Here's a low calorie toast to your continued success!
Toast is high in carbs, sorry, I'll have to pass. :P Thanks though!
What songs do you never get tired of?
What i got - Sublime 
Youth - Glass Animals
I'll check it out!
Goosebumps by Travis Scott and anything by Post Malone
Love Post Malone too
That's now two things we have in common haha
Pretty much everything off of Lorde's new album is great. Heck, her first album too.
I love Cage the Elephant!
Do you think you're an interesting person?
I think I'm not.
I'm a really good listener 
I'm too weird for anyone to find me interesting. Like really weird.
So yeah, the answer is no
Did anyone NOT create the pointy S as a child?
The pointy S?
i can do it with curvy lines too
Always thought it was cool but was scared to bc I thought only thugs did it,
I never cared for it. 
you sound like my type of person.
QUIW0OPNANSIOPGONISA
I didn't. Younger me was too incapable to do such magic
is it really magic - if everyone was doing it?
Everyone did, for no real reason 
That would require me to have an ability to draw, haha.
I knew a lot of people who didn't draw and made this.
You underestimate my lack of drawing ability.
Here at work, what's up everyone?
Sitting at work as well lol.
Talking to a cool girl I met last night
Oh yeah? How's that going? 
It's going good, I think. At the very least we could be good friends. 
That's cool. Meet at a bar?
Working, cursing retail 
Im drunk agian!
Trying to do something useful.  
Men top
how drunk are you?
Too much
I see
Yeah im quite lost
how much wine did you drink?
Im quite drunk in way away lost and drunk what
Oh man, you are fucked up
Yeah and i got to Work tomorow
What did you drink?
White wine!!!!!
What do you do for a living?
The Danish military im an officer
How often do you get drunk?
Once every weekend at parties
Bonjour Private 😂😂😂
A bit Yeah 😂😂😂
I want you in my office Second Lieutenant!!!!
Are  you in the army?
ARE YOU STILL DRUNK
Yes verymucj 
Why do you speak so gut deutsch?
I dont know... I know thai French, thai deutch Danish english
Tres bien Lieutenant
I can not spell French
Watcha drinkin?
What do you want to drink
I'll comment you with a quote that best describes you based on your post history.
Oh, this seems fun!
lets have a go at it then
Interesting 
OK, go ahead!
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power and your control. 
Color me intrigued.  
Oh god why
This'll cost me.  Go for it :)
This seems like it could be interesting, I'm in.
OH dear I wish I commented more instead of modded more.
Oooh! Me!! Please.
I'd like your views please. 
This is a cool idea that seems to have resulted in a lot of work haha
Alright, I'm in...Nervous, but totally in.
I don't have much of a history yet, but... sure!
I really like this idea!
Hey, u/alltsa... We're all stories in the end. Just make it a good one.
Is that my quote or your quote?
How long does it take you to do this?
Your dedication is impressive, OP. 
I got a part-time job :-)
Good job OP :)
I know how it feels when you nail down a job by overcoming all those issues. 
Thanks :) Sounds like you've had your own journey. 
Every one has their own journey :)
How's your life right now?
I'm not dead yet. 
How about you?
Same here, still alive, learning to live and not simply survive. I'm glad you're still alive :)
Thanks :)
&gt; listening to some heavy metal
Be glad it's not retail, especially retail at Wal-Mart, ugh
I can only imagine. Every time I go to Walmart, everyone just looks absolutely miserable. :(
I always thought it would be fun to work at a gas station. Am I right?
Police officer, security, firefighter, EMT, etc 
whoa! all of those have far too much responsibility
Always wanted to work at a coffee shop, making espresso and latte art
Let's hear some bragging.
Does bragging about future accomplishments count?
Of course! Whatchu got?
I got almost 10k karma on r/dankmemes in like, 3 days
Dang 10k, nice? You invested well in some memes lately?
Went outside the country once.
I have an amazing girlfriend. 1 million times better than I deserve.
Who says you don't deserve the best? 
I poured a glass of orange juice perfectly to the top today. Didn't spill one bit.
It's Monday.
I have an econometrics exam in 7 minutes and I want to pass!
I would like to master two of my physics lectures today. This week could not go slower. 
You are the master of your own domain!  Kick those lectures straight in the keister. 
What's your guys' favourite food combo that sounds weird as hell, but is actually delicious?
Unsalted Mcdonalds Fries dipped in Sundae.. mmmmmm..
Oreos dipped in grape juice. So good.
This sounds absolutely disgusting, I'm really intrigued to try this lmao
What was the best thing that happened to you this weekend?
My treat yo self day on Friday
What did you do?
Turning 21 I guess? Can't use I'm not legal as an excuse to not drink anymore though
What's the worst food combination you've ever had?
Pasta and Ketchup
Had seaweed ice cream the other day. It was actually much better than expected 
Banana Paprika Pizza.
You Swedes need to get your shit together!
spaghetti noodles with mayonnaise.  
hello! i can't sleep, let's talk about stuff!
Love the profile name! Twice?
Do you believe in magic?
of course, how else are babies made? 
Are you hungry?
Hey. Flair checks out
Yes it does! Hi there!
What's the last thing you bought just for fun?
A horse mask
What's something you've been working on lately?
That's so weird because I've totally done the exact same thing. I thought it was just me!
wow, really? that's cool :D it's so fun, isn't it?
I'm Swiss! Where are you from? Lets chat
Canadian - still haven't gone to bed yet 😀
Youre an owl then!
From Berlin, later I will show someone the city.
Greetings! I'm from Serbia! Currently visiting my parents working in Germany. :)
I love Serbia :) my mother is from there
Oh that's awesome! Ever visited?
Of course! I used to see family every summer and now when work allows me to
Can you speak it?:^)
USA USA! XD nice to meet you. I just drank a five hour energy. It tasted awful.
I'm from Vancouver, BC! 
I just performed CPR on my neighbour and got him firing again.
Great job OP :D. Can you recommend some good and informative videos about CPR?
Anyone want to talk? I'm feeling a bit mentally exhausted and some company would be nice.
How's the weather?
Where did we come from? Whyyyy are we hurrr
Well  
It started when aliens landed on earth and introduced life
I AM NOT A MONKEY. 
Oh. Then I'm afraid we can't be friends.
Racist. 
Oy Lucas
Ahoy, mate!
I wasn't expecting to see you here!
Anyone wanna play 20 Questions
Is he human?
Is he in the twilight series?
He is not
Does he come from the future?
He does not
From the past?
He exists in the present 
Is he from a video game?
Movie?
The character has appeared in movies 
What about comics?
He also appears in comics
Ok, is it from DC?
Marvel?
Does he look like a regular human?(not including costume)
Was he born with his superpower or did he somehow achieved it?
I think he was born with strong abilities but got stronger over time
Is he a god?
Is it Thor?
Waffles or Pancakes
waffles at home pancakes away from home
*I've.. Never tried waffles.*
I'm solidly team pancakes! :D
Tell me a song you like, and I'll listen to it and see if I like it.
Feel it still by Portugal Man
Life on Mars? by David Bowie. 
My favorite song is The Legacy by Iron Maiden 
What is your first ever memory?
Running away from the neighbors dog when I was around 3.
I was learning the spelling of ELEPHANT. It was a pleasant evening. 
Say something positive about yourself
People seem to like it when I sing karaoke.
I'm positive that I will die without ever having a girlfriend!
How'd I do?
I'll be your girlfriend bro
*I love that I can sometimes create awesome stuff.*
well what *awesome stuff*, MargaretTheLion? 
*Mostly poems and stuff...*
I'm getting better at writing little short stories, and I'm really excited about that. 
You should share it with reddit! I'm sure a few subs would appreciate
today's my birthday and i don't have anyone to spend it with
Happy Birthday friend! How is it so far? Did you get the snow cone?
thanks! and yeah i did get the snow cone! my dog didn't really care for it though haha 
I am 30 years old and playing Minecraft for the first time and why have I not been playing this my whole life
I failed a class because of that game. Careful, friendo.
Are you me? Was it Math 100?
Ha, music theory 3 (college) 
I will try to guess what you look like based on your username
I''l bite
Dark brown hair, gray eyes. Mid 20's? I'm off, aren't I? LOL
I'm guessing you're early twenties, dark hair, brown eyes, short. How off am I?
Close-ish. 19, natural black hair but dyed blonde. Brown eyes and yeah, I am short haha. 
Try me.
17-18 in age. Curly dirty blonde hair. Green eyes? 
Sure, go for it. lol.
Early 30's. Black hair, brown eyes. Glasses.
Guess lol 
Late 20's to early 30's. Blonde hair, gray eyes. Glasses.
I don't know how you'll get it from mine but go ahead
Late teens. Green eyes, blonde hair. Glasses.
oh no
Early to mid 20's. Dirty blonde hair. Green eyes. Glasses.
Give me your best shot.
Early 20's. Dark brown hair. Brown eyes. Sometimes wears glasses.
Do it. 
Mid to late 20's. Brown hair. Green eyes. 
Alright give it a go!
Early 20's. Blonde hair. Blue eyes. Glasses
Sounds interesting.
Mid 20's. Blue eyes, brown hair. Glasses
Mid to late 20's. Brown hair, brown hairs, glasses.
Guess away.
Late teens to early 20's. Black hair, brown eyes.
Guess time!
Mid 20's. Brown hair, brown eyes. I'm picturing a tattoo as well but idk LOL. 
Annnnd go.
Late 20's. Blonde hair, blue eyes. Glasses sometimes.
Late teens to early 20's. Red hair, brown eyes. 
Guess what I look like :D
Late 20's. Green eyes, brown hair. Glasses. 
Have a go if you like lol 
Mid to late 20's. Brown eyes, brown hair.
Let's go
Early to mid 20's. Green eyes, blonde hair. Glasses.
ayyy try your luck my man
Mid 20's. Brown eyes, red hair. Wears contacts
You still doing this?
Yup, for however long I'll stay awake! Early 20's, brown eyes, blonde hair. Glasses sometimes
Hmmm, what do you think?
Early 20's. Black hair, brown eyes, glasses.
Mr
Mid-late teens. Brown hair, brown eyes. Glasses
Try me m9.
Late 20's. Black hair. Brown eyes, glasses and contacts
16, Light Brown Hair, Brown Eyes, Glasses.
Hullo. 
I'm a little late to the party, but give me your best shot!
Mid 20 to late 20's, blonde hair, brown eyes
try me
Late teens to early 20's, brown eyes, dirty blonde hair, glasses
Good luck.
Let's go !
Mid 20's, glasses, brown hair, green eyes.
Late 20's, black hair, green eyes. No glasses
&gt;Late 20's, black hair, green eyes. No glasses 
0/4. Take two ? :) 
Early 20's? Brown hair, brown eyes?
Try me
Late 20's, blonde hair, blue eyes. No glasses
Mid to late teens, dirty blonde hair, brown eyes. Glasses
I'm down. Go for it. 
Early to mid 20's. Dirty blonde hair, green eyes. Glasses
If ever get through all these beautiful people could you guess mine?
Mid to late 20's, brown hair, blue eyes. Glasses sometimes
Oh boy. This should be an easier one for you. 
Don't get your hopes up LOL. I'll try: Late teens to early 20's. Brown hair, green eyes.
Go for it :-) can you make it through everyone?
Late teens to early 20's. Black hair, brown eyes, possibly piercings?
Go
Late 20's to early 30's. Brown hair, brown eyes. Glasses
let's do this!
Mid 20's. Dirty blonde hair, gray eyes. Glasses
Try me? :) 
Late 20's, dirty blonde hair, green eyes.
*Ok, let's do this!*
Late teens to early 20's. Brown hair, brown eyes, glasses
Late 20's, red hair, green eyes
Whelp good luck then
Mid 20's, brown hair, green eyes. No glasses
Go girl!
Oh boyyyy
Go for it.
Mid 20's, green eyes, brown hair, glasses. A few tattoos and piercings?
Early 20's, brown hair, blue eyes. 
Try this.
Late 20's. Dirty blonde hair. Blue eyes. Glasses sometimes
You probably have too many by now but do it for me if u can :)))
Early 20's, blonde hair, blue eyes. Glasses and contacts
Im ready. Go.
Im male.
Mid to late 20's. Brown hair, green eyes. Glasses and contacts
Nope 
Yo 
Mid 20's. Dirty blonde hair, brown eyes.
Let's see how well you do
Early to mid 20's. Brown hair, brown eyes. Glasses
Come at me
Early 20's, green eyes, brown hair, glasses
Close, I'm 18 and asian. No glasses :P
Me :)))
Late teens to early 20's. Blonde hair, brown eyes. Glasses and contacts
do it
Late 20's to early 30's. Blonde hair, green eyes. Glasses
Take a shot
Late 20's. Brown hair, blue eyes. Glasses
What's your favorite fictional character?
My dad
Another night
An 'off night'?  Please explain.
Sure. What are you up to? I'm watching Preacher.
What's that??
It's a show about a priest with powers and an Irish vampire.
Interesting! In the states?
Nah I'm Australian.
How many women or men have you dated?
Approx 6 women.
Nice!
0 women, also I happen to be the same age as you
What are some of the things that you hate?
Cilantro. Yuck. 
Taste like ~~chicken~~ soap, don't it?
Hahaha
Lately I have been getting a lot weird irrelevant comments on my posts in this sub
I like to insert my foot in my mouth 
my man 
my cat's breath smells like catfood
What does hhhh sound like? Lol
I too like bananas!
What do you guys do when feel like talking but got no one to talk to?
Try to find someone on reddit to talk to. How are you?
good - check the post I updated it 
Talk to my dog. He's a great listener. Never interrupts me.
where he at 
Why are European people so beautiful?
Genetics
Where can I buy these genetics you speak of, and are they legal?
Pet store
Thanks &lt;3 ;)
It's the genetics :D
I find the British people, in particular, more beautiful. 
Their accent!!! 😍😍😍
Lol, we're ugly, hairy, and fat where I come from.
thanks
Hey.
Any time man. Any time.
The next 16 seconds!
Nobody takes pictures of ugly people.
What is a subject that you really enjoy, but can't find anyone to talk about it with ?
Spiritualism
Sure ! I'd be happy to :)
What exactly is spiritualism ?
Well, not exactly spiritualism either. It's hard to describe, honestly.
Game of Thrones
I just got accepted into the college I've always wanted to go to!!!
Open your window. Climb onto your roof. Look at the sky. Yell, hell yes!!!!!
I'm tempted!! This is the most excited I've been in a while 
What's stopping you? This is a memorable moment. Do something memorable. 
I would but my parents and brother are asleep /: 
That's awesome!! :D
Thank you!! i'm super excited 
Hey nice! I just finished mine. Mind if I ask where you're goin or what you're studying?
Texas state university! I leaning towards Mass Communications 
Oh cool! I just moved super close to Texas. What made you want to study that?
What's your favourite thing about Australia?
You guys seem to have a lot more fun and not give a shit about anything. 
Fuck yeah cunt
Sure thing you fucking cunt
BBQ! Also the mentality of Australians is just so nice. You guys enjoy life to its fullest :)
Let's brag about ourselves.
I got an upvote on Reddit 
now you have two
Thin but have a waist-to-hip 0.7 ratio. 
Looking for a casual chat
hey i'm down. fellow Scandinavia here
Cool, if you have kik/whatsapp/telegram my username Is klossn on all of those
Hi, would you like to talk to someone from a timezone 7 hours behind you? 
I have no problems with that. U.S.?
Mexico, UTC-5 :)
 Good morning!
What kind of music do you listen to?
For the most part, I listen to rock, metal, and (90s-00s) R&amp;B.
What bands do you listen the most?
Linkin Park, Three Days Grace, Korn, and Breaking Benjamin to name a few.
Alternative. I do believe there's a subreddit for that.
I listen to almost anything 
Even country? Haha
I love foreign language music.
Me too! What country is your favorite? 
German.
Spanish.
Russian.
Portuguese.
Mostly rock and a bit of indie/alternative
What type of milk do you drink?
I drink almond milk. IMO it's delicious.
Skim. 
20 Questions
Is it heavy?
No!
16 questions left!
Is it paper?
Are you making a guess, or are you asking about its composition?
Is it a bottlecap?
It's not a sheet of paper, but is is *made of* paper?
3 questions left!
Is it a postage stamp?
is it a book
THE SUSPENSE IS KILLING ME
Wait a minute, is it cash?
Just filled up at the gas station: $70!! How much to fill up in your region?
Australian?
Canada, specifically Vancouver
I pay less than $20 to fill up. Yay 9 gallon fuel tank!
What do you drive if I may ask
I think my boyfriend is going to ask me to move in with him!
Woo hoo! Cohabitating is the best. 
I'm excited we basically do it anyways
Our house. Typical woman. Not even moved in yet and you're owning the house. /s 
Is your boyfriend a baller?
Hello there. Anyone wanna talk about Lego/Games/Cartoons/Anime?
i'm down. what do you wanna talk about?
Have you seen DeathNote?
So
What are your thoughts on the series, My Hero Academia? (it's an anime)
What scares you?
Existence. 
Sometimes I hyperventilate thinking about it. 
It's hot as fuck out!
Dis 108 degrees here.
How much water do you drink daily?
A few sips with my meds and that's it. I hate water.
what do you drink when you're thirsty?
Thursday life
I drank a lot of coffee.
Will drink a lot of beer.
Anyone doing anything interesting?
Studying. :(
Oh no..
:( Idk what I am doing
Accounting. :(
OMG that's tough! Numbers are scary
What is the most interesting thing about you?
Hmm it is not that interesting actually, but I am a dual citizen.
Of what countries?
Someone just mailed my boss a glitter bomb - but the receptionist opens his mail and she got creamed.
Just make sure your intended target doesn't have a receptionist I guess lol
Unless the target *is* the receptionist, in which case, you have a great cover
What if the receptionist has his receptionist though?
receptionisception
Should've found out his personal address. 
omg, this is a good idea to stop package thieves in my neighborhood.  I may try this.
One glitter bomb won't stop a thief.
Source: Recurrence of felons to prison for same crimes.
glitter is like STDs -- given enough time it will get all over the office.  
Dang, you must have an incestuous place of work.
It's a family-run business; comes with the territory.  
Ah, say no more. (Seriously, say no more.)
haha! How did your boss react?? 
Well someone didn't just mail the boss a glitter bomb if it just arrived
Does creamed mean fired for opening his mail?
R.I.P The receptionist. Think anyone from work sent it to him?
Found out my mom will be going blind in a few years. What would you put on your Last Chance to See List?
How about concerts of all her favorite musicians. An art museum. 
I've been sitting here doing nothing for hours.
Ayyyy, me too. I'm just drinking wine and listening to music 
I'm doing my math homework lol
Hi
Hey! How are you?
What is your favorite game and why?
I like plants vs zombies. I don't play too many video games as you can tell. 😅
A music album that you could never get bored of and why?
I'm very fond of Challenger and This Light I Hold by Memphis May Fire. My fav band.
High School (college for non-U.S.) Students of CC: What books have you read for school that you've actually liked?
To Kill a Mockingbird
The hashtag (#TellYourStoryIn5Words) is trending. What's your story?
I'm a normal type guy
I'm trying to become something.
What are you trying to become?
Has direction but still lost. 
IT'S ON THE FUCKING **SPREADSHEET.**
I have made a mistake
I will find my way
Born Dutch, now in Barcelona :)
How's Barcelona?
Putting others' lives before mine.
What are your favorite pizza toppings?
Oh is that what we're gonna do today... We're gonna fight. 
Put em up.
Hawaiian. 
Go ahead, crucify me. 
Pineapple, ham, lots of cheese.
Or (fancy), arugula, raw ham, blue cheese.
I'm looking forward to grilling with my boyfriend tonight and moving to MA next month
I am going to India in October and I am just so excited!
What's the best advice you have for your 25 year old self?
Well, I'd say myself that Oh, girl, 26 ain't that different from 25. Same old, same old.
What is your favorite emoticon? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
😂 - it's become a staple between a friend and I so now I just abuse it. 
😊😂😳😐🙄😬😏🇨🇦💸🇺🇸🔥💩 and ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
*hands you a  \ *
I seem to misplace those quite a bit lol
Disapproving face. (ಠ_ಠ) 
Actually that one's called the /u/warlizard face.
Crazy. 
Table Flip for sure. I even have a keyboard shortcut for it on my phone.
What is your favorite drink?
coffee defininitely i drink that all day. In the ethilic side; vodka.
Do you drink your coffee just black or anything else in it? 
Sugar man, and milk sometimes...Yeah it's great
ha, I was just preparing some white tea before I've read this. :D
Coke Zero, if I'm honest. 
Lemonade
Anyone who wants a casual conversation?
Probably everybody who's here \^\^
I do! Any topic in specific you want to talk about?
Hey :) 
How's it going?
whats up :) 
good you?
Nice! I'm graduating tomorrow so scared shitless, won't lie.
Guess who's back!
hey from NY!
Not much. Pretty boring day in the office. Just got done with lunch. How are you? 
I do
What's something people wouldn't expect you to be into based of looks?
*I am very quiet and shy, but I am into super weird music.*
does anyone actually floss?
Only when toothpicks fail me :^)
Rarely. I wished there was an easier way. Super annoying to do.
After over three years of unemployment, I just got hired for my dream job!
best of luck, I'm going on 1.5 years now, getting very worried 
r/jobs would appreciate a cross post as many there are unemployed. 
Congratulations!!  That is awesome!
Give me a fun fact about you and I'll write you a haiku!
I can ride a motorbike at 80Kmph.
Eighty every hour
One by one
No more no less
Yay yes join in! 
I hate everyone and everything, especially myself.
Fun fact.
you and you and you 
all are caught in my loathing
me and me and me
I once shat under a balcony and got caught
under the first floor,
can you hand me a towel?
a mess has been made 
A fact about me:
I like to write haiku, too.
It's a fun pastime.
hello, a haiku 
for another haiku-ist
may we share ours
I've tried over 30 drugs 
curiosity,
did it really kill the cat?
why do i see cats
i frequently start things, and forget to finish them.
this will be the one
burst of creativity-
These are really nice, how long/when did you get into writing poetry?
Thank you so much! Probably since elementary school, I always liked English class. 
Im a big hockey fan and I have nothing to do now that its the offseason  
october until
april, pucks and sticks galore
now bored in july
Seasons come to end.
Miss the games of sports on ice
Feeling outta puck.
i got two poems for the price of one! Thanks man :)
I've escaped death two times.
third times the charm but
i'd rather keep it at two
(at least for awhile)
I'm really, *really* into music games!
do re me fa sol
la ti do, singing as i
go through syllables
Raw carrots are probably my favourite food. 
peanut butter or
ranch dressing to dip with my
crunchy orange sticks
Fun fact: this is my first time to comment on Reddit!
I have no belly button.
the cord was cut but
the wound healed flat and smooth on
a baby's belly
I got called a sociopath a few days ago and I don't know what to think.
lacking emotions,
insult or observation? 
where's your MD please
I once ate 13 popsicles in a row
building a house with
popsicle sticks turns a mouth
into a rainbow
I'm like Gaston levels of hetero-masculine, but I like to design and make dresses.
belle, those books are nice
but those rags? i can sew you
a garment, you'll see
I'm a diehard Stevie Nicks fan. 
I love watching MMA while drunk and eating spaghetti. 
I'm a nerdy mathematician, but am well known for being great at backflips.
my mass in linear
motion, a flipped addition
for numbers and stunts
I like this. 
*I like the rain a lot.*
I'm in love with music. 
Audiophile
Deep passion for beats and rhymes
Thank you Spotify
haha I like it!
I'm a happy wife, Mom and Nana :)
Three generations
Nana, Momma, and Wifey
The triple duty
I'm beating depression!
Several people have told me I resemble an Indian Daniel Radcliffe? 
An Indian Man
Resembles Harry Potter
With a lighting scar?
Here's a fact for you:
I am making my haiku
much less work for you
A haiku reply
To a comment in haiku
It's haikuception?
haiku chain goes on
the wheel will never slow
helP IT'S WAY TOO FAST
I can talk about Marvel for ages without stopping.
An Endless Marvel
Comics and Movies all day
It is all canon
Hell yeah! Thanks, my dude.
Not a problem.
I feel so bad I never finished New Vegas, now that I see your flair.
I'm a film student...
I used to be a slacker in high school, topper in uni now 😁
I'm obsessed with World War 1 &amp; 2 history.
A global conflict
Original and sequel
Fascinating tale
My bunny is named bluebell
All alone in the office, hit me up for a chat!
Where would you want to be if you can just be there without anyone knowing you left the office?
Home sweet home
What's up! I'm bored too 
I'm listening to It was a good day by Ice Cube. What's up with you?
Hello! Your username looks familiar, have we met before?
Maybe we have😉😉😉😉😉
So, What's up?
Not much really 
Okay, how was your day?
Okay, what did you have for lunch?
Nothing yet.
Okay, Looks like this conversation is going no where. I think we should end it?
Why?
I don't know girl, you tell me. 
You'll never get anywhere with talking to her.
He is just being mean to me because I'm different that's all.
Who knows? 
Maybe, you really are different. 
He is being judgemental to me but its okay I've been bullied all my life so it's nothing new.
I'm really sorry if you felt that way. Bullying is not at all cool. Hope you're doing okay now. 
Forget it.  My apologies to the sub for any unpleasantness.
Dude, what even happened?
Hey girl.
What song do you listen to over and over again?
Boston by Augustana
I listen to Kendrick Lamar's album Good kid m.a.a.d city at LEAST once a week 
Absolutely in love with Xanadu by RUSH
What are some really unique video games you've played?
Life is Strange 
This game killed me.
Good killed or bad killed?
Life is Strange broke me. 
Is anyone else not super interested in seeing fireworks in person?
I'm 38, they aren't what they used to be. Good luck with your studies!
Thanks! I feel like it just gets cold and loud, why not just stay comfortable at home
Cold? Where the hell do you live??
Just the first three words for me lmao
What games do you like to play in summer ?
Decided too give Mass Effect Andromeda a try, despite the criticism, not disappointed.
Basketball, is there another summer activity?
Too hot on most days here in CA!
Now imagine that heat, but its year round. That's the tropics for you fml
What songs always get you pumped?
I don't know why, but Fear Of The Dark gets me pumped big time. And I'm not even a metalhead
Killing in the name by Rage Against The Machine 
Tell me something nobody knows about you!
I sleep with stuffed animals
Sometimes I finger my butt.
I literally have nothing to say but yeah, you might just be the most honest comment here. 
If anyone's feeling down, sad or just wants to get something out of your chest, you can always pm me
Are you.....cool? Good listeners are dope.
2kool4skool
Life needs more people like you.
Probably not JUST like me but still thanks
I have 998 post karma and it bugs me. Anybody else obsessed with reaching round karma milestones?
I only have one. Should I screenshot that?
What is your dream job?
Hug therapist!
That sounds awesome. Can I be a cliënt?
definitely 
I'll come over once a week, that should do it.
You are allowed to go back in time for the sole purpose of seeing ONE concert. Who do you see?
This question is actually one of my favorite conversation starters.
Kanye West yeezus tour
Kanye will tour again though. You haven't missed out on a chance to *ever* see him.
It's not gonna be a yeezus tour tho
What are you really interested in and enjoy talking about?
Books!!!! I love books.
What do you think about Into The Wild by Jon Krakauer? And what do you think about the Bible?^^
Technology. It's always been my hobby and I just adore talking about it!
Any type specifically?
Food! and Overwatch!
76 main here
I used to be like that.
Oh okay cool 
Harry Potter and life.
Am I the only one who upvotes everything here just to see what the orange floating thingies say every time?
Rip mobile users :(
Yeah I have no idea what this thread is even about.
Same. I should prolly use this app on desktop more often. OH WAIT IM TOO POOR TO OWN A COMPUTER
99% of the time I Reddit on mobile and those don't show up on the app
aww!! I'm sorry I didn't realize that. . . :(
It's ok :)
What's a Reddit?
What is life?
I just realized this, it's pretty damn cool!
I... I've never seen them... 😞
u on mobile?
Yep 
upvoted u, u got: bet it's not time to go outside yet. . . hahaha
What did I get? 
(Hope u/caffeinatedraccon doesn't see my karma scheme)
Sweet! What does mine say??
nah fuck css
You could check the css.
r/casualconversation/about/stylesheet
Have an upvote anyway 
Thankies! You sir, are an angel. Most subreddits wouldn't show me their css :(
How is everyone doing?
I had no idea!
I just saw this on my front page, but when you vote from the front page, it doesn't show :(
did u upvote on /r/casual conversations then? bc urs says 10/10 would upvote again
Not anymore!
Never seen Reddit on a desktop. 
why isnt there anything for downvote
bc life's too short to be negative
There is a mouse in my apartment.
You need a cat lol.
Cats freak me out, but mice freak me out more. 
Whatever you do, by god, don't get a cat. Cats are useless.
Get an owl.
Hoo keeps an owl in an apartment?
I had mice in the house I lived in last year. But I also had a cat so problem solved haha. 
Don't hurt it.
People who don't like alcohol, what is your favorite drink?
I like alcohol, but I'd still choose a diet dr pepper over a beer  most days.
You know now it tastes more like regular Dr. Pepper right? :D
I will fight you
DON'T THREATEN ME WITH A GOOD TIME!
&gt;If it wasn't so unhealthy I would drink it all the time.
TIL apple juice is unhealthy.
How was your day today?
Binge-watched Grey's Anatomy all day, then ate pasta =)
I have yet to see that show, is it worth a watch? Also pasta sounds soo good.
It's actually really really good, I'm only on season 2 but it's great
Visited my grandparents, went swimming, listened to music, and watched TV. Pretty good.
Aww how old are your grandparents? Are you close with them?
It's my birthday. I slept most of the day and ate a lot of Twizzlers
I had a Sushi/pool party today.
Sounds like a lot of fun! Did you enjoy yourself?
I did. I even made some Sushi.
I feel awful.
Today I had crunchy peanut butter for the first time ever and for the first time in PB&amp;J
No one is bringing up refrigerate or not refrigerate?
Now... Try adding a slice of cheese. :D
That...sounds interesting. PB&amp;J and cheese, or just peanut butter and cheese?
It kinda sucks seeing a front page post that you would have loved to be a part of when it was still more alive.
Be the post you want to see in the world.  
That's why I only browse /new.  I don't even look at the front page.
i browse top of the past hour
530am and its ALL the_D posts :(
Anyone just wanna shoot the shit?
I usually just flush it, but okay.
Gotta take things so literal :p
I got stoned and made a cake today
What kind of cake?
lets talk personality types!!
I fight for the Horde! 
I'm an INFJ and a Hufflepuff. Go badgers!
ENFP, Hufflepuff, House Tyrell, Aires/Taurus Cusp which is a crazy cusp to be on.
omg I can imagine
but yo, I'm an ENFP toooo
INTP, true neutral, Gryffindor, Tyrell, Divergent, and Gemini!
Does anyone else get happy when they see they've got a new reply?
Yep. It's especially fun when it's someone insulting me for a comment I made. 
Sort of. Normally I think to myself Oh shit. What'd I say now?
SAME. I'm usually pretty cynical so I tend to think that exact phrase.
:)) 
(just so you get a reply)
What song is currently stuck in your head?
I GET THOSE GOOSEBUMPS EVERY TIME
What music genre do you listen to?
Midwest emo, math rock, and lo-fi acoustic mainly
Does anybody else get sad when people don't reply to your awesome comments??
What makes me even more sad is when I don't even get one single upvote.
*Yes, that also.*
You invest effort into it and nobody values it :(
Where's the cheer up kitten bot? You used a :(.
What the hell, y'all are some sensitive Sallies.
Why do you italicise everything?
And when you get the most upvotes and gold for the dumbest comment ever.
*Yea. I just got gold today, btw...*
My conspiracy theorist mother just argued against math.
Never argue with a drunk, a fool, or a conspiracy theorist.
Or a Sicilian.
It's not science if they're covering up the numbers.
1+1=2
The number after 2 is 3
2 and 3 together is 23
**23**
Halflife 3 confirmed.
2+2=5
&gt; 5
**They're poisoning the water, putting chemicals in it to turn the frogs gay!**
*rolls d20*
What does a 17 get me?
 I have know someone who bought into that mermaid documentary a few years ago. She's an adult.
More stories!
Tell me something cool about a family member of yours.
I have a cousin that works for Disney.
Nice! Do you know what they do there?
He's an orchestrator/composer.
I start working at a slaughterhouse tomorrow and it's messing with me
Remember, you can't spell slaughter without laughter.
I'm finding myself wishing I had a sibling.
I have 3 brothers, you can take them, I won't mind. 
What's going really well for you right now?
I got my first bit of familial support in years this morning...
I have one more mortgage payment until my house is paid. So that!
I did really well on the ACT and the college search is suddenly manageable 
I turn 16 in 10 minutes and I feel pathetic
Just turned 16 in the past week and tbh I felt the same haha
What's your motto for dealing with life?
Don't attribute to malice what can be explained by stupidity.
Very true, a lot of the time people do wrong because they aren't thinking about their actions.
I'm a fan of Occam's. All things being equal, the simplest solution tends to be the best one.
Occam's razor: It slices, it dices, it removes superfluous deities!
I deleted my Facebook account.
I wish I could, but because of my job, I can't.
Just use Messenger and never go to the app, why make your life complicated? 
What're you up to?
Playing Dungeons and Dragons with some friends. 
Always upvote D&amp;D. Are you DMing or just playing?
*Listening to Joy Division and writing a poem while browsing Reddit.*
Brag about yourself. Something you did and nobody saw, a personal achievement, a victory, anything. Brag.
Finally got to level 110 on WoW.
Cool. What class?
I got a short story published in an anthology. I'm on the honor roll again! 
anthology? what's that 
I've lost 48 lb (22 kg) so far this year!
I'd prefer not to.  You see, I'm a very humble dude.
I got hit by a car.
What are your thoughts on psychics / tarot.
Up to individual interpretation
How do you mean? 
Some people believe in it. Some people don't.
It's subjective.
Yes I know that but I asked what are your personal beliefs. 
They know you're talking about them! Run
My boyfriend is a gamer and when I met him I totally was not. He taught me to play Overwatch, and now when he's at work I'll play it and get him a loot box or two. What other weird but nice things do you do for people, or do people do you for?
I proofread my wife's Harry Potter fan fiction, because love.
Is any of it dirty?
Is anyone else surprised to hear that Germany is just now voting on same sex marriage?
It's quite pathetic that something like this needs to be legalized in the first place.
Finally moving out of the south :D
God damn I hate you 😐
my car seats 5, you're welcome to tag along :)
Where are we going?
Worcester, Massachusetts 
There might be a wegmans though. That would be worth the move. 
What is wegmans?
So, 2017 is like half over! List your accomplishments, challenges, experiences so far.
Nothing. Didn't get better at school, didn't make new friends, didn't keep going to the gym. 
I finished my first year of college and I made it on my college's Dean's List. 
Hey, congrats! Any plans to celebrate?
I've just realised I love birds. What's your favourite bird???????
The angry ones
Seagulls then? ;)
Almost forgot....The Norwegian Blue. Beautiful plumage.
I'll give you three guesses.
Duck, penguin, archaeoptryx. 
Marshall eagle.
Why does broccoli get so much hate?
Might be because it tastes like crap but maybe that's just me
Broccoli is my favourite vegetable! Who doesn't like broccoli. 
Im very bored and have nobody to talk to. Im open to any conversation you feel like having!
What's on top of your most-played-list?
Hi.😀😊☺🤗😇🙌👍
Hi! Haha
Im doing well! Still bored overall but its not bad really. Yourself?
I'm great and happy😀😊☺🙌👍
What are you good At?
Im good at redditing
I consider you a professional Redditor.
It's not for everyone, but you bowl! :)
What's your favourite chocolate/candy bar?
Always hard pressed to turn down a Bounty (UK, not sure if they are international)
Twix
Left or right?
I  usually only eat the fun size twix. I don't know which factory they are made from.
Twix.
Cookies N Cream Hershey Bar.
Butterfinger.
Milkey Way.
Kit Kat.
Three Musketeers.
Yes cookies n cream Hershey bars are the freaking best, I gotta go buy one now.
Me too
Original Ritter Sport.
Hmm never heard of it
What's your favorite type of weather?
Chilly Fall
It's seriously the best. Like late October-mid November is the perfect temperature. 
If only it was like that where I live. Now 3/4 of the year is summer. :l
Summertime. 
If you ever have Russian guests, give them fruit,
As a half Ruski, can confim that fruits are delicious af.
Trade you some fruit for some vodka.
You could just turn the fruit into vodka.
&gt;basically inaccessible to the general population
*accesible*
There are no spelling or grammar errors in the phrase you quoted.
Oh gosh! I read basically as barely. Sorry. My bad.
Russian guests are always a good time. Australians too.
wow, thursday. so um.. questions?
Well, the #4 comes to me as a euphemism. Is it intended to be one?
What would you like to tell everyone?
Life doesn't always go according to plan
You had some kind of plan? Sounds like your doing alright! 
It gets way more confusing after get a degree though
NEVER STOP ASKING
WHY?
I'm a very sweet, kind, caring, inquisitive, honest, and non judgemental person 
I don't know, everyone can say that but... CAN YOU PROVE IT?
Two Lies and a Truth
* I've worked in the porn industry 
* I've done LSD
* I've gone bungee jumping
third?
^Nope!
How about the second one?
1. I HATE Chipotle. 
2. I've never been out of the US. 
3. I think this idea is stupid.
Three?
Nope, haha!
I've flown a helicopter. 
I've flown a plane. 
I have a drivers license.
The third one?
Is truth? No. 
I hate Metallica's newest album
My brothers 21st birthday is this Monday
I live in Florida,
The first one?
Nope, I actually really like hardwired. IMHO it's the best album since
 ...And Justice For All.
I hope you'll have a good day today, no matter what happened recently.
Thank you, that's very needed today :(
Oh no, what's up ? You want to talk about it in PM ?
My cat died yesterday. 
I'm sorry for your loss. :(
*Thanks, but my day is absolutely horrible for some reason. I don't feel well.*
🤗😇
I need people to talk with.
Suuup.
Chilling at a friends house but feeling incredibly lonely. Hby?
Still at work. Ready to leeeeavr.
Well, hello comrade
Greetings friend 
Hey man, how's it going? What's up?
Pretty bad tbh, just dealing with break up stuff. Hby?
Just at work, feeling a tad down as usual but the show must go on :)
How's work? Why you feeling down?
Work is okay, tad busy but i like it, and no idea just can't seem to smile or feel happy.
Hi, man. Keep your head up :-)
What's up
What's the most addicting video game you guys have ever played?
Diablo II
I'm not sure if it's an addiction but I'm 463 hours into The Witcher 3
Sims 2
I remember playing that one a while back, I liked it more than Sims 3 if I remember correctly 
The elder scrolls: Oblivion for me
Runescape.
I startedt in 2004. Still playing today.
fallout 3
Tetris. Other games come and go, I always return to Tetris. 
Up for some Tetris Battle?
Maybe. But I don't think I know how to do that?  
Either Skyrim or Super Mario 64.
What song(s) do you listen to when you need a pick-me-up?
Holland 1954- Neutral Milk Hotel. 
It is now my 25th birthday.
Happy birthday... its mine too, but I'm 47. Hope you have a good one. 
Happy birthday mate! It was my 17th birthday two days ago (27th)
Bless, you're still so young! Enjoy the teens while they last! 
25 in exactly 1 month. I'll actually be doing something this year...
What will you be doing? 
You also share the exact birthday as someone I know.
I'll be going on holiday :)
Awesome! Where are you going?
Does anybody else get moments where they realize why they are single?
No, I know why I am single. :(
oh really, what is it? if you don't mind me asking.
My looks. :l Because my personality is awesome. Hehe
What's a topic you could talk about for hours?
Let's talk Harry Potter. Right. Now.
Sports and comics/sci-fi
Favorite sci-fi ANYTHING?
Star wars
Probably hockey or history
What team?
Politics, history and music are definitely in the top 3 for me
1) Space
2) Pokémon 
3) My love for ABBA
4) Survivor 
I love talking about AI and machine learning. It's so exciting : )
Go to Inspirobot.me, generate a random quote and tell us about it!
Every single day is being.
Don't destroy yourself. Write it down.
Clothes should spread society.
Umm.....I've got nothing.
Soooo my boss just asked me to move to Massachusetts
I'm from the south. Please take me with you 
my car seats 5 haha come on
Big &amp; Small - Long or Short - I want to hear your goals :)
Well, if I got that job that's I planing to submit for this week, that would be great.
What job is it?
Become more self-dependent. (Is that a term?)
Good health, happiness, and financial security. I'm a simple man.
i want to make a living while traveling, got a few ideas in the works for it 
Who's up to help me kill some time?
Hi there! Want to play FFXIV with me?
Nah. I'd like to talk.
About what?
hello ! How are you ?
I'm fine. How are you? Whatcha up to?
*Hey, what are you doing right now?*
Aye whatsup
Aye! It's 7.15 pm here.
I would love to🤗😇
Then please.
Waiting for my food to be served. Waiting, waiting, waiting. And you?
What is your favorite song that tells a story?
Eminem's Mockingbird and When I'm Gone.
Chat about a random subject?
I just got home and found my pet, my best friend, dead. I wanted to share his picture with y'all.
I'm sorry for your loss :( such a beautiful cat. I lost my hamster earlier this month
Fuck man that's rough. My condolences to you and your kitty. He really was a cute guy. 
I'm sorry :(
What do you do when you can't sleep?
I masturbate 
5 Interesting Questions
I'll answer number one. I think a class on sports history would be very cool.
This is pretty neat, any insight you could share on the subject?
I don't like these. 
Hey guys, I'm very bored (:
I'm working the nightshift and I'm currently on my 5th coffee... God I miss my bed so much 
Your bed misses you too.
I can hear it calling for me, wondering where I am
Working on stuff, wooooooooo.
Just eating dinner, pasta and cut up smokies.
Describe these smokies. I'm not hip with all the Canadian/American slangs.
A fancier, sausage like, hot dog.
Like schnitzel almost?
Hi guys, how's your day been?
My fam decided not to go to Vegas due to hot weather and I'm bummed. 
I just woke up so haha
Haha. Its 6pm here.
Where do you live?
Let's play make me look bad
What's your favorite video game?
Battlefield Hardline
No edit neccesary.
Do you want kids? How many?
None. I can't stand the little varmints
What would you say is the best thing about those you're attracted to?
Who, according to you, is the worst person in history?
Osama Bin Laden
You are now on a list
How much should a part time housekeeper or personal assistant make per hour or per week?
What's the most disgusting thing you can think of?
A papercut right on the tip of a syphilitic penis
what the fuck was the original question here?
What genre of music do you hate and why?
How old were you when you first learned to read?
Without looking it up, how many bones are in the human body?
Are you now, or have you ever been, a member of the Communist Party? 
What do you like to do when you're bored? 
Puppies or kittens?
How many times a week do you take a shower
Who's your favorite family member?
What is the most important issue for you when you vote in an election? 
Some people have little size egos and some people have big size egos. Which size do you have???
what's your worst fear?
I hate fire
What's your favorite number?
Okay guys, real talk now - Peanut butter: Creamy or Crunchy?
Crunch got dat punch!
Music Thread! What do you listen to that many don't?
I listen to classical music. Mostly piano songs, but I love orchestras and violins too.
What food are you currently addicted to right now?
Belvita Blueberry breakfast cookie thingies. I eat 3 packs a day. :-/
Water.
I'm on Accutane.
Oh man I'm sorry :(
Taco Bell. Been addicted for a couple years now
Snapple Half 'n' Half. I need help.
Please do not enter my home with cinnamon raisin bread because I will horde and finish it all
I'm so mad at myself for forgetting to bring my headphones to work on the one day this week when my country-music-playing coworker is in this week.
Is it radio pop country?
Yeah; it's the country radio station in my area.
try dark country or southern gothic, such a difference!
What do you do when you can't fall asleep?
i never fall asleep unless i take pills so i would just take pills. 
Can't this lead to dependence?
Who else is sitting at their desk at work bored to death?
not an officer job person but i'm here f you're bored.
Office jobs suck honestly. What do you do for work?
Nothing lol. 
Better than nothing. I fucking love big macs.
Had two the other day, stacked. Stomach was not a fan.
Don't get caught!
Today is my birthday, and I'll be alone. Surprisingly, this is ok
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! 🎂🎁 treat yourself 
Happy birthday!!!! We are one year apart. Is it mean of me to wish I was in your shoes?
 Thank you! I wonder which one of us would be the older one.. It might not be lol but why? 
Happy birthday! As long as you are happy, you are free. 
I want to talk to someone I am lonely
Black Mirror is fucking sick dude, such a well done show. 
What was your father's life like?
abusive.
Did he pay that forward to you
no he was the best dad in the world. very loving + really cared about being a father. 
What are some good memories you have with him
heyy
eh been better/been worse. so neutral. 
How did you pick your username?
I like unusual teacups and well made cupcakes
I'm a combat veteran living with PTSD and TBI. 
Hello everybody, what shoes do you wear ?
Black trekking shoes. I rather have waterproof shoes than pretty shoes.
I don't like having wet feet.
You walk to rivers for a living or something ?
Steel toe redwings.
And what do shoes tell about a person besides what shoes they're wearing?
It says something about their personality.
Hey all; new to reddit. What is everyone looking forward to in September?
Moving one of my projects to my new shop to get serious and hopefully complete it by Spring.
How cool is your project?
Pretty fucking cool.
My grandmother just won $1,000,000 with 5 of the winning numbers last night.
is she single?
I think you mean she won 5000,000 after tax...
$5,000,000 after taxes!?! I'll take it!!!
Youtube culture has changed so much and it saddens me.
Don't forget 23 year old youtube stars convincing 14 year old girls to make porn for them.
Ummm what? There are youtubers that do that???
One of the most famous youtubers actually, and he has pretty much gotten away with it.
Would love to exchange music recommendations
I would Recommend Trembling Hands by Explosions in the Sky
Anyone up?
Nah I'm not up...
JK what's up?
Sitting on the couch. You?
Sitting on a desk chair, watching my partners play vidya games.
What are they playing?
Dante's Inferno
what time is it where you live?
11pm
Anyone else feel like they want an SO just so you can share your daily life and thoughts with someone?
I've never had a SO, so I don't really know what any of that is like.
I'd like to talk, ask me a question and Ill ask you one 8)
What is this pizza?
What's your favorite travel destination that you've been to?
I'm really bored, anyone wanna chat
Hey there! Do you eat fruit?
Yes sometimes
Eat them more often ;)
What your favorite hobby and why?
I'll be off work in just a little over an hour and that alone is exciting! 
Whats up? Hows been ur day? Are u in a relationship tho? ;)
hey, I'm from France, where are you from ?
Canada
I can't wait for the colder weather to arrive.
Hockey and Football are coming up!
Autumn and Fall are the best seasons.
Today is my 18th Birthday!
Always separate yourself from toxic people, family or not.
Most parents are nice, loving people.
I just moved in today! This is officially my first reddit comment from college.
what school?
In class, what about you all?
Also in class. 😂 I'm in statics wbu?
Dam bro. You better pay attention lol! 
Just chillin in bed while listening to some Spotify
Enjoy 
Thank you.
How long will your class last?
9 mins
Is that all for today?
Hell no 
Just started?
What classes do you have?
Yup man. Hmm thermo and calc. 
What are your plans after school?
Not sure man. I may stay here cuz my wifi suck 
Do you live at dorm?
You and me both
Just going through my discover weekly, wbu?
*At home, doing' the thing that I love doin' the most: writin' poems.*
Nice. Share em with me. 
*Nah, they are horrible. But I love writin' them...*
Still wanna see 
On a plane.
To where 
I'm at the airport and bored as hell. And hungry. 
Lets talk
I'm in bed.
Dream of me.
I just woke up and I don't plan on sleeping for about 16 hours, so not yet.
Later then so what are you doing now?
I'm heading to school. 
Hope you have a good school day. If you get bored, you know who talk to
Thanks, but I don't have a phone lol. 
Hahaha how are you texting me now then?
Parent's phone
Cleaning my house with the music blasting.
Leaving class😉
Drunk in south east Asia. I'm pretty happy with myself rn. 
What's something you're good at?
Procrastination.
disappointing
Languages, writing (which I used to be good at, but I really want to get into it again)
How many languages do you study/speak?
Counting to 21
What are the perks of dating you?
I'm low maintenance, know how to cook and have a high sex drive.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
If you enjoy massages, you will love me.
I feel so insecure after reading all these comments xD There's no perks of dating me. *Sad*
So bored 22f
Drunk af. Practically the same thing.
Not drunk here 😂
My condolences.
I'm in pain meds so I can't be drinking!
Talk to me. I get bored pretty often! 
Sup!
Finished my classes late today and I did not feel sleeping yet but am tired...
Play music. Always works for me.
Yes, death metal and gangsta rap are good
How did you get bored? 
On bedrest :/
Hahaha. On bed I think
What
Hey guys wanna talk about your day or random things to chat
It's 12am but I'm not tired...oh well.
It's 6.50am here and I'm not tired.. pls help :[
Lmao I feel you, might as well start the day off at that point 
I'm just goofing of on the internet befor I go to bed. so, what you do for fun man?
I'm a musician and I like video games
i like your username and im kinda shocked it wasn't taken haha
Thank you are you high right now?
HOW DID YOU KNOW! Are you a cop hahaha
Hahaha no but I guess I'm a psychic 
Man with many talents over here haha! how was your day?
got any plants? I'm about to try and plant a stack of rose bush cuttings.
My mom has some but I just watch them slowly die.... we always get new ones though!!!
Debate: Greatest Candy of ALL TIME
i like the pure sugar.
okay then.....pure sugar it is.
i recommend putting it in water. maybe add a little lime and peppermints.
add some marmite to that too :)
what is marmite? friend of vegimite? LOL.
Or even better, some Cachaça with the lime and sugar, and voila--Caipirinha!
oooh i wanna take you down, down to Kokomo~
LOL...Indiana?  With Joe Schmo?  What a romantic date!
The best is obviously a classic Charleston Chew!
Reese's peanut butter cups are THE BEST
Honestly? Raisins.
I hate raisins.... ugh
So what are your ways to get over a broken heart?
By keeping too busy to even think about it.
Best way to get over someone is to get under someone else. 
How poetic haha
It's not wrong 
What are you all excited about/looking forwards to?
I've got some ice cream in the freezer 
Life Is Strange Before The Storm. Only thing I'm looking forward to right now!
I want you to mentally compete this chain before you look at the OP text and reply: Boy/Girl, Man/Woman, Guy/…
Gal. 
Old school, cool, the opposite of me lol
What's your style?
Pretty much black leggings, a dark maroon top, wavy hair, eyeliner and lipstick always. 
Black Under armour top .
Black puma bottoms.
All black under armour  shoes.
Take a guess 
Black and white nike shoes.  
Dark jeans.  
Generic dark color shirt.  
Black Adidas jacket.  
i wear fruit of the loom oversized t shirts and 10 year old jeans
fun game: tell me a band or song you like and i'll recommend you a song
U2-California There's no end to love
Us against the world, viva la vida, yellow, fix you - coldplay
ok this is tricky cuz i hate coldplay but maybe: i am trying to break your heart - wilco
Bonobo - Kerala
Hmm... not one of their most known songs, but This Place Is Death - Deftones
panic switch - silversun pickups
What are you passionate about?
Nihilism, it's by far my life's passion.
What makes you really happy?
Being with friends. Reading books. 
Like, dog food or human food
&gt;:(
Haha soorrry. What's your favorite food?
I reported you.
oh no :(
good thing i use incognito :^)
Hanging out with my girlfriend. She always seems to make everything better.
I'm happy for you :) She sounds sweet, is she single?
Music :D
I'm glad that the eclipse today finally gave America a reason to talk about something positive for a change
Eclipse &gt; Trump
What is positive about an eclipse?
they're rare and it's like night time for a while
They're cool, but how are they positive?
Reminded me of when the Cubs won. That was a good day.
Height
nah.
I'm fun sized! \:D/
hahaha, what does that supposed to mean?
Being 5'6 as a 24 yr old male is a struggle. Wish I was taller lol.
5'4ish here. Yeah women can be pretty shallow when it comes to height 
Man, 5'4 is just about ideal for me.  Whatever you got, someone is into it.  :) 
I'm 5'7. Always wanted to be 6ft. ;-;
Same same
6' exactly and I'm quite happy with it. 
(guy)
Halo 2
Heavy Rain
I cry every time I see that kid die :(
To The Moon and Life is Strange
Star Wars Battlefront 2 ORIGINAL 
The new one is pretty boring.
I so agree. Dude I was fucking disappointed to shit. But unfortunately not surprised. 
It's literally just battlefield with lasers
And poor flying mechanics with no actual space battles 
Assassin's Creed 2 &amp; Devil May Cry 3 
It's almost 4 AM where I live and I am alone with my thoughts. Can we talk about random stuff?
Did you see the eclipse?
pizza
What would you miss most if you went blind?
Bloodborne, dark souls and my family i guess
You could spend your gaming time on learning an instrument!
And i could learn the awsome soundtracks this game have thanks for the idea.
Anyone else planning on invading the Fire Nation today?
Whos is invading, the earth or water nations?
Joint coalition.
I'm more worried about the nationwide transmutation circle.
The what?
I'll had a minute and it wasn't enough time. Hopefully the Avatar had more success than I.
We need to get the earth benders to combine their powers and hold the moon in place.
Had a bad day so far, want to hear about yours
My day is alright, some construction guys are at my house and the fumes are getting in
**Vent** my grandma goes into surgery today and I'm really worried about her. I feel so helpless
I hope she's alright! Sending love and good vibes to you and your family! xx
Wedding in four days. So Excited!!!
Yours?
Yes 😁
Have fun! 
This might show my age, but my all-time favorite band is the Smashing Pumpkins. 
The killers.
After 33 years, i feel like i'm finally happy and that the happiness doesn't have an expiration date. I've quit drinking, fallen in love, cleaned up my life, and have $20 left in my bank account after bills got paid this weekend. I had no idea life could be this good!
I'm super glad that life's looking up for you! Sending good vibes your way! &lt;3 
Don't get cancer.
What are some little things that get you annoyed? It's okay if it's petty
People booping le snoot! Seriously, happens more than you'd think.
I hate People who spend an hour ordering and leave most food in their plate.
Hey Redditors, what was the dumbest thing you believed as a child ?
I believed girls had just feminine penises. 
Being alone is killing me.
Is it just me or does algebra make you suicidal? I swear it's soul crushing 
Are you a fan of Rush?
I don't know it,sorry.
You should listen to them. One of the best bands in the world IMO.
Cool idea: screenshot your home page on your phone, let's see what similarities and differences there are
Yoooo what decks do you play in yugioh?
Ohhh! Mobile MAL... Is there one for MU?
Did you do anything fun or interesting today?
Not much. Laid down and watched a couple episodes of Rick and Morty.
I did! I hiked at Purgatory Chasm today! It was a short and easy trail but it was really fun!
My cousin is running for judge in her district. I had some blended berry juice and brownies.
Hey reddit, my boyfriend insists that he can tell if a dog is male or female just by looking at it's face
This is great! [Here are my two.]
I'm gonna do my own prediction the first is female and the second is male.
I actually think the reverse. Couldn't tell you why though
Can he figure out cats? I want to throw him for a loop. 
He says cats are not difficult but he'll try
what is your favorite...
mine are
band: car seat headrest
movie: dazed and confused
tv show: twin peaks
The Wombats   
Lost in Translation   
Twin Peaks
Pineapple pizza is the pizza for you and me.
No pineapple pizza is a sin
Have you at least tried it?
I think getting drunk/high isn't right.
What exactly do you mean by not right ?
Does anyone else really really really love driving late at night?
In Brazil if you drive late night you'll go back home without car
In Manila, 2am traffic is the same as 2pm
What facial or body features do you find especially endearing? Why?
Long noses.
I'm a doctor. My job is sad. What movie will make it better?
Escanaba In Da Moonlight. Trust me.
Let's analyze eachother on our post history!
Give it as brutal as you can please.
It's been awhile since I've been here...
You! 
Hi.  
Hey it's been so long dude lol
Yo what's up my dude! It's been a real long time. How's it been? 
Terrible. You? 
Hit on each other!
I'm not sure how this is meant to work...
Let me put a bun in your oven.
Hey girl, you got butts?
Wow, you seem chill as fuck, what's your credit card number?
5
Is that a mirror in your pocket because I can see myself in your pants.
Hey, you wanna go get a pizza and fuck?
You two should date.
Thing is, I'm a lesbian ha
Well hey girl! So do you like sleeping and stuff?
Definitely like stuff, sleeping is always a plus lol. Wouldn't mind getting to know you 😉
Well, I guess we'll just have to be friends then.
Hey y'all. I'm drunk and I'm listening to music. Suggest a song, I'll play it, and then I'll tell you what I think about it.
With music like this at your age I fear for you.
You ever listen to Brockhampton? More than just their hits.
no not really
Give brockhampton's saturation (i, ii and iii) albums a listen
thank you
What is the worst backhanded compliment you’ve ever received?
My best friend told me I'd totally date you if you were male.
I am indeed male thank u
You're kinda attractive for a short guy. I still don't know what that means lmao 
you'd be really pretty if you actually tried
.... I was trying :'(
You're almost as pretty as your sister. But you're more intelligent!
Thanks?
How did you guys come up with your usernames?
'Twas a very dark time in my life.
A vine. 
Husband’s nickname for me. Plus the year I was born...hahaha. 
If you could go to one fantasy world which one would it be and why?
The magicians would be fuckin lit!!!!anything with magic, but especially the magicians!
Oh that would be cool haven’t seen much of the show tho so don’t know much about it
Hogwarts always because love!
Lol which house would you be in?
Pokemon. I just want a buddy to hug. I wouldn’t battle or anything. 
Harry Potter hands down. Witches? Potions class?? Brooms? count me the fuck in
Not to mention hermione 😂 
well i'm a chick so 
Too a gamble and lost lol 
Well the Harry or one of the other guys that do it for you 😂 
how can i make your monday? maybe 5 q's?
Mediocre art
Noooooooooooooooooooooo
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
several glasses
lethargic 
1. - clockwork indifference
2. - no
3. - 
4. - a few glasses
5. - indifferent
CLOCKWORK? i hardly think life is that clockwork.
I usually get told my posts don't fit in the subreddit that I'm trying to post in...
Your post to r/askreddit had been removed because it didn't include a question mark
This question has been answered, use the search bar!
*Search bar doesn't find said answer*
-search bar doesn’t find SHIT-
We ain’t found SHIT
Turn in your combs now.
r/Redditinreddit
Wow, thanks. Never again.
You're doing fine. Don't stress the small stuff.
I get more nervous when there’s a comment in my inbox. 
Fuck who did I piss off this time? -Me every god damn time.
I'm on a serious dry streak of quality songs. Hit me up with some good shit.
Listen to more Grandson then try Reignwolf
/r/casualconversation party thread?
Ok hi I’ll be the Dj but don’t worry I won’t play boring trap music
dope what are you gonna play homie?
Vektroid and shiddiq - fly shit
Bro this shit is lit man
after this one ima play 
frankjavcee- gheto house
ASS AND TITTIES
next up we have 
saint pepsi - cherry pepsi
this song is like the soda equivalent of a smoking hot redheaded milf
hey read the sidebar.
and maybe I shouldn't have exposed this niche stuff to you
It's a party, things are bound to get a little out of hand.. and the mods are probably drunk too
ok
PS.. report content you think breaks the rules :)
Reported your comment! :)
i hoppppeeeee I met some cute boys
hey ;)
not you
*puts on fake mustache*
heyyy
it's ok your not alone every night I hug my pillow so tightly, craving a relationship
oh man that hit close to home!!! :')
Why are you crying
*kitteon has entered the room*
Hey everyone!! What’s up? :)
Hey, can I call you Kit?
You may. What shall I call you? :)
Adam!
Hi Adam :)
Hi, kit. Nice to meet ya. How are you?
I’m okay! Pretty tired :( how’re you doing?
Oh no! Can you slide a nap in your schedule? I haven't slept yet
Nooo :/ I’m at work for another two hours. I’ll have a sleep then. 
Gross. What time zone are you in?
Nothing much, to be honest. Having a nice and relaxing Sunday morning at this party :D
Would you like a drink from the bar? I’m going to get one!
u/MisterDrProf I’ll get the jager you get the Red Bull. u/LionGhost make sure we don’t die 🤣🤣🤣
No way, if there's jagerbombs, you're on your own! PARTYYY
So...who’s gonna save us from ourselves now? lol where you at u/Puttysan?
I am way too old to be partying that early in the morning with you youngin's.  lol  
Are there cats in the house?  I would like to pet the kitties during the party. 
Plenty of cats and doggos and bearded dragons
oh my god yes this is the best party ever!  I'm going to pet all of them. 
Pets are the best part of the party
If there's puppies and kittens in this party, I'm definitely joining 😍🐶🐱
Come join me petting the cute things!
Tell me something about yourself that you might view as negative trait, and let me put a positive spin on it for you!
I always think about my bad past. Even though I’m fine now, it still sometimes bothers me. 
I'm easily distracted. My attention span is really short
You ADHD bro
As a guy, I realized that as you reach your late 20s, life can get lonelier if you do not have a girlfriend or pets
Feeling that in my early 20s haha. 
Ask me anything but you have to answer your own question also.
Last day on earth: final meal?
What was the funniest, yet most practical gift you ever got?
Mine was a flat plate sandwich toaster. 
Nice. What was the funny part about that? Just curious.
I got a bottle of hand sanitizer that says maybe you touched your genitals 
Pickled pig's feet.
Eww
Bored redditors, why are you bored?
Because I have no life and come here to pass time by :)
Hey friend! What do you enjoy doing?
Being on Reddit all day while listening to music 
Ooh what kind of music do you like?
A wide range, from alternative to some R&amp;B
What’s your favorite song atm?
Valerie - Amy Winehouse
Gave it a listen and couldn’t stop dancing to it, what a fun song :o
It seems like music is a huge part of you life
Tommorow will be my 14th day without soda
The post makes it look like drinking soda everyday is normal. Is it? If so where do you live? 
What's wrong with sugar-free fizzy drinks? 
Don't really know how to title this post, but it's about your favorite music.
Several.  Tool, A Perfect Circle, Metallica, Nine Inch Nails.  
Dream Theater because .. they're very .. dreamy.
Hey guys- I'm back! Let's play Truth or Truth!
R truth
Truth me up 
HOW BOUT I TRUTH YOU DOWN
What's your kink? 
slacker..
What's your talent? 
Ok. I logged in for this. Truth. 
LOL. YAS BITCH YAS
What's your stance on the flat earth debacle? 
Hit me with that truth
What's a song that makes you feel at peace?
Holocene by Bon Iver. It's really beautiful and relaxing.
I got a job I accidentally interviewed for.
Hey was this the gig at the Chicago Shakespeare theater? If so I’m jealous
Alright, guys, what color is math?
Math was always blue for me
Blue. Same as physics
Red. Color of blood. 
Because Math makes you bleed.
That’s dark.
I got lucky tonight
I thought this post was going to be about something else....
Me too.
I like to do that with my posts.
Did you get sexy and fuck the noodles?
That's not luck, that's skills.  B-)
You were up all night to get lucky 😂
Is that a daft punk lyric
Yup 
no ABC nearby? those are lifesavers in my experience.
Breaking out of my Reddit shell!
Happy morning to you.
The folks at r/tea are very friendly, too, if you like tea.
My roommate just cut a watermelon
Ayy I'm in Australia too and last night was the first in months I didn't need a fan.
Ayyy, where you at? :D
SE QLD, you?
Watermelon is my favorite fruit.
All time?
I hate watermelon. My last good day was two years ago.
my roommate cut my dick of.  Note to self- don't be gay
I'd take eating watermelon as a punishment, to be fair. 
Oh my, why? The taste?
What's something that's made you really happy lately, even if it's small?
My morning weight finally broke 200lbs (I’m trying to gain weight)
Bounty: A screenshot of when the subreddit hits the 333,333 subscriber mark.
Well there goes my plans for the afternoon
[sits on the F5 key]
We still have about 1k more to go, might hit it tomorrow :)
Damn you lazy Tiz. Take your own screenshot :)
But I'm laaaaaaaazy
We know.
So many of my favorite CC people on this thread. :o
Woooo...
You!
Not digging these changes to Reddit
I haven't seen any of these. Maybe because I'm on mobile?
Im using the reddit app 
Well there's your problem. Try a 3rd party app, most users like those a lot better.
All of my friends have better friends
Hey OP, it’s me your new close friend!
Hi new close friend 
Hi, there! May I interest you in a friendship? 
Someone reached out to me to see if I was doing ok!
OP R U OK?
YES I AM OK!
I CANT HEAR YOU OP, COULD YOU REPEAT PLEASE?
THINGS ARE GOING SMOOTH AMIDST THE TURBULENT RECENT EVENTS, WHICH I AM THANKFUL FOR!
THAT'S GOOD TO HEAR, I HOPE THINGS ONLY CONTINUE TO GET BETTER
WHY IS EVERYONE ELSE ON THIS THREAD SHOUTING
What’s the best thing that has happened to you today?
Enjoyed half a pizza for lunch! Leftovers for tomorrows lunch.
*this week*
I only buy like two games a year
Wii Sports Resort. It's not the best game in the world, but it's incredibly addictive.
What was your favorite thing about the 1980's ?
For me it was good cartoons, great music and movies.
I was born. That was a plus.
Olive Garden is not a Fancy Restaurant.
No. Lions do not concern themselves with the opinions of sheep.
Who even talks like this 
People who fence.
I bought a homeless man breakfast today
All the gods, all the heavens, all the hells are within us.
I don’t have friends I can talk to every day
how old are u?
welp, it wasn't long enough. 5 q's!
1. Yes.
2. Playing video games.
3. PC.
4. Sadly, yes.
5. Meh.
sadly?
I don't think it's a good thing to play favorites, at least not with people.
ah. but is it inevitable?
So this panda walks into a bar...
Why did the chicken cross the playground?
To get to the other slide. 
I love chicken crossing jokes. They remind me of my grandpa. 
He crossed to the other side?
You mean why did the chicken cross the road*
No, I mean playground. 
Why would another slide be across a road?
I didn’t get that joke :/
I've got two:
A man walks into a bar. Ouch
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
What is your 'song of the day' today?
Glow like Dat, Rich Brian
Nothing To Find by The War On Drugs
Did you give your car a name?
2016 Ford focus, she's white and her name is Lucille.
Yes, I call her BMW 116i. Named after her mother, BMW 316i Compact
What was you scariest irrational fear as a child, that as an adult is now funny.
I was terrified of someone vomiting on me LOL
did something awesome but no one's there to see it
Cool! I know how you feel. I have no friends too :(
Make sure to give /r/pointlessstories some love
Dogs are seriously amazing!
I need name age and breed of dog stat!
He's a 11yo goldenboye :) 
I love my dog
If I had to choose between my dog and my sister I would choose my dog
Who wouldnt
Well, we haven't seen the sister.
Pat him for me, will ya?
I remember when I first tasted coffee... I thought it was disgusting!
Are you talking about black coffee? 
I am watching Cowboy Bebop for the first time.
I think I saw some of that. It was inventive.
Vash the stampede is also good.
The 100000000 dollar man.
Figure that high?
I'm at the gym, slightly drunk, slightly fucked off. How's shit, Reddit?
Shit is tight.
SAT next week-fuck. I'm feeling the stress too. 
Why are you feeling fucked off?
Shit's boring, like always.
Just wanted to post this because my gecko and I look like we're going to go on a super awesome adventure together :)
Leopard Geckos are awesome. What's their name?
Bubbles :)
That's a cute name.
This is by far the cutest picture I've seen all week. And I subscribe to r/aww. :)
Thank you so much, that is super uber sweet of you :)
Is your gecko' s name Jaguar? He looks like one hehe. 
Her name is Bubbles :)
Cute :3
Favorite Videogame Genre?
Single player RPGs.
Undertale?
It's action and sports for me
NBA 2k or Madden?
FPS 
What games?
I like watching videos on Squad
I played BF4 on Xbox Live and would like to play it on PC 
Play PC?
I'm going to build a PC so I can
Nice what graphics card?
GTX 1060 6GB SSC 
Strategy games. I also like the sub genre of 4x games and grand strategy games.
Story games.  Like night in the woods, or oxenfree.
Oooh
My favorite is paper Mario for wii, but that's a pretty unpopular opinion. 
You have the Switch?
Nah.  Just a pc.
What games do you play on  it?
 The binding of Isaac mostly. Towerfall is great too.
What are some good books to read for people with short attention spans ??
The Blinkist app is great for nonfiction.
Is it free ??
What is the story behind your username?
I used to comment as guest. When that was no longer allowed, I was forced to create a username.
IT IS MY NAME. 
My boyfriend thought season to taste meant season until you can taste it and I couldn't love him more.
Haha, I read it as couldn't love him ANYmore. I wanted to learn about a salty break-up.
This is the sweetest Reddit section... Everything from OP to the comments is so sweet..
It's a little too sweet, I'm considering tainting it with my depressive nature lol
My sister recently said sweet and sour instead of bittersweet, that one was pretty good
Can't you say that though? Like sweet and sour sauce?
I used to say it's a doggie dog world. I found out it was actually dog eat dog world
My fiance says nipple clipple instead of nipple cripple...
I've never even heard of a nipple cripple. 
How old is everyone?
Im 15 nale and live in ireland
Snail?
nale, its a custom gender
So you are saying snails aren't important
26, M, have no kids unfortunately, and am from England.
20/M/India
And here I thought everyone on reddit was half my age!
22/M/UK, no kids, not now, not ever. 
hey high five. I am 22/M/US, no kids, not now, (but maybe later)
25/F/A European country. No kids or pets.
Which country?
B&amp;H, what about you? 
I've never heard of B&amp;H, what does it stand for? I'm from the Netherlands :)
16/F and obviously no kids. I’m a sophomore in high school too.
I’m 15 turning 16 in 4 days I’m male and I’m from vermont
I just slept for 27 hours omg!
You didn’t wake up once? Not even to pee? Wow I didnt know that was possible either 
Nope. But when I woke up I needed to pee really bad lol. 
You young people and your super-bladder-control.  I miss those days!
What kind of trip was it? That's an exceptional amount of sleep dude!
Im a busy college student and this makes me jealous. Whats your secret?
I don’t really have a secret :p I’m just generally a really sleepy person lol
Holy crap, you must have been dehydrated when you woke up!
What instruments do you play? If you use to, why did you quit?
I used to play guitar but i stopped caused i lost it..whoops
Go to a pawn shop and get back into it!
In a quest to explore new music, I'm going to listen to a new album everyday for a year. Post your favorite album of all time and I'll add it to my list!
Raincoats: The Raincoats (1979)
Swans- To be Kind. it's a long one but you won't regret it
The Cars
Pantera - vulgar display of power!
01011001 by Ayreon
How is the weather where you live?
Warmest February on record here in central Florida.
Does anyone else feel happiness doesn't hit you as hard as sadness?
Yes happiness is fleeting. Comes and goes easily where as sadness sits and stirs around longer. 
Must be the odd one out. The smallest, most simple things make me happy. 
Isn't it amazing how Reddit unites so many different people?
I'm a graphic designer. My life is pretty great, I work from home most of the time and I love it
Sweet :) Are you self employed? 
I'm studying electronic and computer engineering in college  (first year)
I’m just a dude in Alaska freelancing :)
I'm still in high school, and I enjoy music and videogames.
I'm a graduate student, but I work part time as an EMT on the side.
Whatcha graduate-studying?
Would anyone be interested in casual AMA with my 66 year old grandfather?
yes yes yes
Let’s do it! When? Now? 
He'll be back in around one hour! We will start then.
20 minutes to go. Come on Grandpa get back!
It's okay for patients and visitors to drink wine in a hospital?
How old is he?
OP here.
My grandpa is 66 and I am 21.
He's in the last quarter of his life. Why not try ecstasy and crack? 
Does he has any regrets so far?
It’s a jazz thing. No need to congratulate on the job. It’s part time work at a pizza place :P
Hey, a job is a job, even if it's not a terribly great one.
How are you today?
Long but productive day! What's your new job?
Marketing specialist for a local fashion company here in the Philippines. What do you do? :)
I want to be a writer and director one day. What do you want to be?
Work in law enforcement. 
I love music so much, it’s my favorite thing ever.
I am a HUGE fan of Rush. I saw them in 2015 in Columbus. It was amazing. Do you like them?
I produce Muzak hi 
If you like the Red Hot Chili Peppers you should listen to Cage the Elephant 
The cute train conductor smiled at me today.
Ah, the feel train...
Love train more like
One person's smile can (sometimes) totally turn your day around. I hope you passed the smile on!
I reallly don't like parties :(
I don't like parties, I barely enjoy company at all. Silence is nice.
Teach me something
Don't ask stupid questions.
What's a stupid question?
A stupid questions is the one that produces only stupid (zero-value) answers.
The Calabrian dialect is heavily influenced by Greek.
I could teach you how to use fl studio when I wake up tmr 
Not even sure what that is
An audio suite, you can make music with it
Australia literally took military action against a horde of flightless birds
I didn’t lie on a date today
Twist: the op actually didn't have a date and is compulsive lying to all of us
What's your favorite pizza topping?
Olives are a great complement for a pizza but i have never tried a pizza with only olives...
Pepperoni. Pineapple. Jalapeños. 
I Got a Job!
Congrats man! This sounds like Dave and busters haha.
Not quite,  younger crowd than that
Nickelcade?
More than that, it has an arcade, laser tag, a play area, and bounce houses
Where is this seemingly awesome place?! 
Just a local place where I live
Is it Frankie’s 
&gt;my dream job (firefighter
Does this mean you're off the pole?
I need someone to talk to...
I'm available to speak.
Thanks :) so what do you want to talk about? 
Anything .-.
Ok. So how’s your day going? 
It's okay just lazy and haven't started on my school readings. How about you?
My days not been that good. I’ve just been bored all day. 
What's going on? Yeah, I mean I have myself doing things lately so that helps the boredom. 
What sort of things?
I'm open to talk about anything. Either here or pm.
I am definitely willing to listen! Don’t know if i’ll be any good at advice, but I am here:)
Hey I can't sleep either, what are you up too. 
Nothing much. What about you?
Playing Far Cry 4 and drinking beer.
Cool. I’ve never played far cry 4 or drank beer so I don’t really have much to say about it lol.
You are missing out lol. What do you do for fun. 
What’s going on in your life right now?
Well right now I'm sat with a glass of red wine and my dogs by my side. 
On my lunch break. Ready for a nap lol 
Just tired? Or do you have the time to nap?
Sick so I’m still trying to recover atm
Oh sucks.What's your line of work?
Office job at a Coke plant. How about you?
Stop being mean to Kevin Smith. He really doesn't deserve your vitriol.
Whoever downvoted this just proved my point. Thanks.
I don't like the word hate... But...
Malta has some of the most even temperatures in the world, I believe 
Hey guys, i need your best stupid philosophical, thought provoking questions.
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Depends if the roll is joined or two separate pieces of bread
Share an interesting fact about yourself!
An interesting fact about me is that there is nothing interesting about me.
I’m sure you’re a cool person 😎 
I used to live at a cat rescue! 😎
I've been on the field during the superbowl. No,  I'm not a player. 
I speak three languages!! 
Which languages?
Pick a super power, any super power
Teleportation. I can go anywhere I want faster. 
Super speed like the flash
Wouldn't you get bugs in your teeth from running that fast, though?
Super stretching would be kind of cool
Invisibility.
I read this somewhere , I'd totally want this
 The power to refill stuff. 
Never have to buy Robitussin again! 
Or waffles? 
The possibilities are endless!
Time travel, imagine being able to go to historic events it would be cool 
Telekinesis. 
I sold my first painting!
Ayyyy nice one! What kind of style is your art? 
Mostly Impressionism although I mess around with doing landscapes as well
Congrats! Keep at it!
you got a picture?
This is a big moment!! Celebrate!! Congrats!!! 
I bought a pepsi and watched a pretentious movie as a celebration.
Today I brought my own straws to a restaurant and a friend of mine thought it was ridiculous
Have you see /r/zerowaste ?
They might be your people! :)
Do you ever just feel like screaming at the top of your lungs?
Do it when you're in your car. 
What are you excited for?
For Brandon Sanderson to write more books. So very excited. 
I can’t wait for Atlanta season 2 on Thursday and going to a concert on Friday. 
Nothing :(
Anything small?
My birthday is coming up I guess.
I'm Finally Achieving a Lifelong Dream of Going to Ireland!!
My Father's side is from Ireland .. Mother's from Germany.  Can I come with ..
I love your username, first of all, and you should! I'm so excited, I think it'll be so fun!
I love your stuff too! .. think of me .. an invite .. possibly, possibly ..
*snaps fingers*
Bewitched ?!
#Speak Poet!
willst thou me hear, good Brother!
Oh brother, wherefore art thou
We should ask George Clooney ..
Or perhaps Morgan Freeman, the clairvoyant.
I am feeling a depth within Thee ..
So deep, Adele is rolling in me.
Please tell me .. you're a chic .. tee hee.
Close... I'm a chickadee!
Where are you in the totem pole of your siblings?
I only have one sibling, and I'm the older one. It's a 10 year gap between us lmao
Who was the oopsie? Lol.
I am the eldest Black Sheep ..
 there's more black sheep?
nope .. I was merely being doubly specific ..
Last night, I deleted all of my social media apps and immediately felt more freedom.
Howmuch freedom though? On a scale from America to Actual freedom?
I love it when my girlfriend screams during episodes of Planet Earth - I find it adorable when she yells, NO! RUN! during a chase sequence.
Let me guess, the scene where the little lizards are running from attacking snakes?
Do most people identify with the prey, not the predator?
Psychology grad student (25/male). Could use some friendly interaction.
What’s your sign 
gemini 
So you’re two faced?
Psychology, eh? *Guess what color I'm thinking?*
Tan, pink, white, blue? Colors of bomberman
So Cal
I'm 25 and male as well. How is it going tonight?
It's good, pretty relaxing. You?
I am in High School, What qualities should I have if I want to pursue Psychology ?
An open mind and desire to learn :) It takes all types to become a psychologist. 
Do you ever go to write a comment or make a post on Reddit and then just stop, think yeah I cba and then just delete what you've written?
Yup, all the time.
I think to do so is a sign that we re not chimps.
Complex thought, one of the things that separates man from beast.
And the vegetables.
Just did it with your post. And then decided to actually post lol. 
3/4 of my comments end up aborted. 
#prochoice
Woof woof bark grr woof
Every day.
Wtf does cba stand for? Lazy Americans with their stupid abbreviations -.-
Crawling into bed after this 12hour night shift 
Fortnite season three let's goooo!
What's your best feature (physical or otherwise)?
I have a nine inch tongue and can breathe through my ears.
Is that part of your tinder bio?
No, it’s at the top of my resume.
I just tasted the most disgusting thing ever. I’m going to die.
Ahahaahahha
Try Durian next time 🤮
for some reason the title made me think you licked a switch cartridge
SWITCH CARTRIDGE? BRB
Forty five years later
That's so cool! Don't forget to update us!
I will. Not today, but tomorrow after he leaves. Making the most of our visit!
plot twist: HE NEVER LEAVES
Are you both singles? :)
oooh it’s like a fairytale
So happy for you! That sounds like it will be a wonderful time! Can't wait for the update =)
So you're both 60 now or am I bad at maths?
How did it go?? Q
&gt;You remember your first love? 
Nope. Still waiting for that.
How’d it go??
He's asleep...shhh
So....it went well?
Update?!?
This post is now 20 hours old.  OP, are you OK?
When was the last time you felt pure bliss?
Is it bad that I don’t actually remember?
Not necessarily. Username checks out though? 
Have you treated yourself lately? 
What are you really passionate about ?
Guns. I can literally shoot all day and never get bored of it
Tell me something in your life that you're really excited about, and I'll be supportive
My new PC, I'm excited for it, but also feel a bit ill when I think about how much it was.
How much was it?
I'd really rather not say right now.
I helped a little girl off of some rocks at the beach today and her mom didn’t freak out.
Thats nice to hear. I get your caution though, I tread lightly in these situations too. 
It's so sad you have to. :( 
Anybody else totally clueless about what they want to do with their life?
That’s me right now, no idea what I want to do, seeing as “fuck all” isn’t really an option.
Whats the weather like where you live.
In the UK it’s pretty cold.
As expected. What part of the UK?
East Midlands.
Leicester?
Nottingham 
Today around Boston it was 71 and sunny, which was lovely. It’s 63 now and clear skies. 
Lucky... 
it’s supposed to snow tomorrow... oh well. it’s almost spring! 
Wow thats quite a drop in tempature.
yeah New England. what’re you going to do? 
overwhelmed by reddit being toxic
Too bad cupcake, you’ll only find sympathy b/t the words shit and syphilis in the dictionary 
Cheer you up? Ok: r/aww
I'd like to see this sub go bad tbh
Grow a thicker skin. The world is like this. 
Give me some fun upbeat songs to listen to!
Fancy footwork by Chromeo
Any Vulfpeck song
Whatever it Takes by Hollywood Undead
Also, Live Long Enough to be the Hero by NateWantsToBattle
I really like talking to people and getting to know them before dating or sex. Why is that so weird?
Just out of curiosity, man or woman?
Anyone ever done a road trip alone?
I drove up the west coast by myself and it was pretty awesome 
Which parts?  Like almost 4 years ago I drove up PCH through Big Sur and it was gorgeous. 
I drove up from San Diego to Seattle about 2 years ago. Was really nice 
What’s on your mind right now?
How f***ing hot the weather is now
What state are you in? 
I currently have snow here 
Malaysia... tropical weather makes me envy you all, how I miss the 4 seasons...
Currently hoping I don't wake up to water damage in the morning 
What are karma points?
It's to do with the number of upvotes/downvotes your comments and posts get.
Hmm. So what's the point of Karma in the first place?
You can't do anything with them, it's like getting likes on facebook
Makes your e-penis bigger!! 😃
Hey look at all those downvotes
Downvote just for you;)
I never post or comment so I have like no karma lol 
Welcome to Reddit. Be sure to visit r/catsstandingup for essential daily updates.
I want more people to see this.
Cat. 
Cat.
While we're on the subject; what is gold?
Validation points
Really just a way to weed out the trolls but that's it
Karma is directly related to how successful you are in real life.
Do you guys like your name?
Names Dan. So simple, I like it. Hate the name Daniel though 
My 6 yo daughter has to wake up at 5:30 for school, and I think that is too early.
What time does school start?!
School starts at 705
No wife
No kids
No problems
I know Fergie probably isn't a Redditor, but just in case she sees this:
Can I have the link to that post?
I'm at work right now, but once I can find it, I'll post the link here. 
Dude! I wish that I had gold to give you! Fantastic post, people really need to hear that! 
Wait, Fergie is still around?  
The Black Eyed Peas Fergie?
You realize she makes millions per year to sing, right? 
If I ever became a celebrity, first thing I would do is delete all my social media accounts.
Either that, or just hire people to deal with that shit
Get butters to do it
Not the best idea, you could just ignore comments tho
It's a perfectly fine idea.
No it's not, social media is very valuable for celebrities 
And yet people are famous without it.
The first thing your agent would do is stop you.
White knight cringe overload. 
The internet being too harsh? Impossible lol! 
Fergie??
Nope, sorry. :/
chillaxitive?
gadzooks! r/CasualConversation is looking for new moderators - details inside!
Mod me..?
I'm not going to lie, I can be an asshole at times.. but it has the best intentions behind it
What's a danke meme?
Bruh, idmfk
haha, that made me giggle irl 
:/^) I thought it were a guder 
I love Reddit
Reddit has turned to shit. You can literally buy upvotes.
I start university tomorrow :) 
We just got blasted with snow yesterday and today. So I’m going to go ski all weekend! 
My whole family is leaving for vacation on Friday. Going to Ana Marie Island for a week.
Tell Me Something That Makes You Happy
We had a really pretty snow yesterday 
That's nice, I like the snow sometimes :) Where abouts in the world are you?
Maryland
Snow in Maryland? Is that normal for February? 
Let's chat about anything while I'm doing my homework!
Heya! How long until the hw is done?:)
WEll... at this pace it'll be a while XD but thats ok. I love interacting with others :D
I think I'm developing a weird but positive addiction
Wooow!! That's amazing. I'm in disbelieve 🙃
Take some pictures
This is awesome dude. Keep at it!
Thanks, join me!
I'm 19 and just signed up for Reddit, my first social media account.
run
Run away
Run *far* away.
Take me with you.
Me too...
and me
We make for helms deep!
Do you know what memes are?
To a certain extent, I have a general understand of what they are and what they entail.
Don't join any meme communities, they do not have a positive effect on you, trust me.
But /r/prequelmemes
You got a picture of your feet?
Sup man
Salutations! How are you doing today? 
Are you male or female?
Welcome to one of the largest porn sites ever. 
So I've heard. But I'm asexual so I won't be accessing that side of Reddit any time soon.
Psst... what's your least favorite word?
I hate abbreviations and acronyms. 
What would genuinely make your life better right now?
Could go for some extremely late japanese food right now. 
just regular sushi/sashimi or something particular? 
I Have A Super High Fever and a Painful Cough, Can Someone Give Me Company While I Try To Sleep?
I just almost died
I know this is off-topic ish, but what kind of Jeep? 
I'm a medic and firefighter. You are pretty lucky. Glad you're alright. 
Are you in Asheville???
Either way, glad you're okay!
You must be in SHOCK right now
Ever think others think of you?
I don't remember a single person from kindergarten. Am I supposed to remember that far back?
Yes!!! Remember the day you were born!
Well duh. Everyone remembers that. 
Get out the bathroom!!!
What? I'm in the kitchen pantry!
I can't read!
My first memory is escaping from my crib.
Damn your brain is crazy. My first memory is like 2nd grade. 
What is it about?
What are you eating or drinking?
Currently, I just have water. Probably going to have leftover casserole for lunch here in a bit.
I just ate some eggs. I always drink water. Either water or alcohol basically. 
Does anyone feel better during gloomy weather?
I feel the same! Especially rain makes me happy. 
I never liked the rain 'til I walked through it with you....
I feel very depressed during rain and winter, but i am glad you feel happy!
I still find it weird to think of myself as an adult.
I’m 39 and I swear I feel like I’m 24. 
I’m like oh... I’m old. 
Same. 31 year old female here.
Oh, you cheeky person you ;)
;D
I was an adult once. It was awful. 
Suggest me a band and I'll listen to them :)
Vundabar
Listened to 'Hives'. Since the first 3 seconds I already loved it haha. great band!
Gawk is a great album imo. Antics has some good songs too.
Psychedelic Porn Crumpets - Cornflake 
Greta Van Fleet
Hey! Listened to ''Talk on the Street'' and loved it. 
indigo la end
Listening to them right now! Do you have a favorite album or song?
ohhh yea they’re awesome! and i really love natsuyo no magic &amp; 想いきり 
Eden
First Aid Kit 
I've just eaten a mango, for the first time in my life.
Can I ask where you're from? The name Lira for currency has me curious. Ps. Mango smoothies =💓
Incidentally, my favorite fruit is the mango :D
The only mango I've ever eaten tasted like pine trees...
I don't even know what pine trees taste like lol
Wait til you try a ripe one!!!
Charlie Kelly called and is wondering if you have a blueberry or a pear
Mango is one of my favorite fruit. Welcome to the gret family of mango enthusiast hahahaha 
Nostalgia.
I sometimes YouTube old commercials, promos, and shows from 1999-2008 (mainly Cartoon Network) 
Have you seen the Nostalgia Critic talk about old commercials?
I loved 90210 and My so called life.
Drunk me gave sober me a present!
The last time drunk me gave sober me a surprise I quit drinking.
Well now we need the story 
Drunk me use to give me presents too!  
“Wow, I don’t remember throwing up over there.. gross!”
Drunk me leaves a glass of water on my bedside. It’s always vodka.
I like the way drunk you thinks.
If he never stops drinking he can never get hungover 
Who are your favourite musicians?
shiloh and nujabes
Personally never heard of them, but I'll give em a listen 
I love people who use mobile ordering
I literally just ordered a cake to my table in the pub I'm in with my phone. The future is here 
Spoons?
I always wear headphones at college to avoid talking to people, and today I took them off early.
lol i thought this was gonna be a heart warming story
I use to have a great shirt that read I'm not antisocial, just shy, feel free to talk to me.
Music!!! Favorite song/album of the moment?
 I’m jamming ZZ Top Degullo LP at this very moment! Very strong vibe and timeless appeal.
Sturgill Simpson*
My little sister is having a baby! I’m going to be an aunt!!
Have you got a degree in Aunt-ness?! It's vital!
Ohhhh noooo! Where do I get one? Maybe I’m not as ready as I thought! 
I knew you were a LIAR!! &lt;3 jk
Well if you’d tell me where to get it, we wouldn’t be in this situation, now would we!
Idk dude, like, Best Buy?
That means I actually have to get in my car and go somewhere...never mind. 
They married? If so that’s a big step :0 
They are not, but they’re very committed to each other regardless. 
That’s good.  People should be more committed.  Hope it goes well :3 
I did laundry today.
You moved your personal mountains to let a little bit of sunshine ray in.
Excellent.
:D 
The days are finally getting longer again. It's nice to see the sun once in a while. 
Sitcoms?
Do you have any favourites in particular? :) 
For me it's shaving every morning. I lack motivation for doing that.
Come do my laundry now!
Sure, if you do the mopping. :p
Of laundry?
Texting quirks you like.
Never really thought about it...haha
You're conflicting me.. I like the haha, but the dots..
I always end my texts with an emoji, usually a smile or heart. 
It bothers me when people use even number of dots why texting. 
Bored, what cheap hobbies are easy to learn?
I read frees books on Amazon prime,  I think it's a good use of time
A new language ☺ You have Youtube for free and forums
What's your craziest true story that no one ever believes?
No one believes I dated a professional model. Not ugly just an average dude. 
Dude who was she?
I lost my virginity with a condom on and got a girl pregnant.
Bad luck or good luck? 
I'm going to be alone for valentines day.
Why is valentines day even a holiday? 
I've been alone on Valentine's day...for 28 straight years running.
room for 2? well not 28 years but long enough
What’s a song you can sing from memory for no reason?
In West Philadelphia, born and raised...
On the playground is where I spent most of my days 
Chilling out, maxing, relaxing all cool
SOMEBODY ONCE TOLD ME,
Let's talk about videogames!
Nintendo with super Mario 3. I wish I still had it. Loved that game. 
woooow, cool! I wish I had a NES ;-;
That and n64 with mario64 was the most fun gaming I ever had. 
Had to leave a party early tonight. How is everyone Friday night going?
Were* starting
Truth or Truth
Can I have 12 bottles of truth please?
#Brave Contender**What** Is the meaning and point of life?
42!
Hard choice but i pick truth
#Brave Contender**What** Is the weirdest thing you have done recently?
Pineapple on pizza. Now truth or truth? 
Whats the most special/unique thing about you? 
Da....truth
Truth please and thanks 
#Brave Contender**What** Keeps you online?
Reddit, YouTube, Video Games and Reddit 
Your turn
What keeps you online?
Talking to people and learning about them
I choose truth
#Brave Contender**What** Have you yet to do?
Practice 40 Hours
#Brave Contender**What** Is space? Why is it cool?
Space is the last frontier! It's cool because it smells like steak, apparently
#Brave Contender**What** is the meaning of Pi, why is it 3.14159etc?
I DARE you to tell me the truth!
Well then you have to ask me a question
hturt
#Evarb Rednetnoc**tahw** od uoy ton ekil gnillet ot elpoep uoy tsuj tem?
I CHOOSE TRUTH
#Brave Comtender**Where** is the nearest puppy or kitty?
taking up the entire couch like a dick head.
Lol, your turn
So many choices, but I guess I’ll pick truth 
#Brave Comtender**Whose** voice did you read this in?
Morgan Freeman’s, obviously. Now truth or truth? 
I'll take Truth for 100.
#Brave Comtender**Do** you want 100 truths?
#Brave Contender**What** is your favorite song?
of all time? pink and white or chanel by frank ocean 
The fuck is pink and white? I just looked it up on spotify and am confuse. 
Truth if proof. 
Shoor me a truth.
I P I C K T R U T H
From my choices, I’m going with Truth :) 
Tough call, but let's go with truth
#B R A V E   C O N T E N D E R **What** is the loneliest number?
Still doing this? I pick truth
Ummm... truth.
Hmmm... I'll pick truth, although truth does seem a little fun... Screw it, I'll pick truth!
#B R A V E   C O N T E N D E R **What** are you insecure about?
My strength.
Fair enough, your turn
Truth or truth?
Have you got any pets?
Truth me
I'll go with option 2.
#B R A V E   C O N T E N D E R **What** makes you?
Mostly oxygen with a bit of carbon and hydrogen.
Truth, this looks fun.
The longer I’m on Reddit, the more I realize how toxic most of the larger subreddits are.
\[lol I want karma as well\]
Comment section on r/watchpeopledie
What about them? I've always found it pretty interesting
True. Why are subs like r/watchpeopledie or r/wincest or even stuff like r/misogyny allowed?
/r/wincest is innocent; it is a isolated fetish with fake videos and photos.
Fake? It looks real TBH 
They get porn videos and slap captions into them
No shit
That's why I keep away from them, nothing really interesting happening there 
What's good in your life at the moment?
Did my civic duty and went for Jury duty yesterday, feeling pretty good about it!
I finally deleted Instagram and I finally feel free and like myself again.
&gt;only 120 likes
I get you,. But I find it ironic you post this to social media
I don't even have Instagram and I already hate myself 😔
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
Everything.
Sorry. You only get one thing...
Send me a song to listen to, and I will try to send you a song back that sounds similar that you might like!
6IX9INE - Gotti
2018 - Trash
fuck up pussy
Point proven...
Africa - Toto
I see colors when I listen to music
Is it only when your eyes are closed or when they’re open too? That’s really interesting 
I smell colors.... figure that one out lol
does orange smell like orange ?
do you also see shapes because that happens to me 
What music is the most vibrant and energetic to see?
Tell me about a song that means a lot to you.
7 Years by Lukas Graham. It reminds me about how much of a failure I am.
I’m sure you’re not a failure love. 
Unfortunately I am. 29, still living with my parents, and never had a girlfriend. 
What will $200 buy me in your hobby?
A moniter with decent specs or a mid range aeg.
What’s a moniter? What hobby is this?
A gi, groin guard and mouth guard
A shit ton of ice cream. 
Rain.
You’re not alone r/raining 
Japanese Women's Wrestling DVD's.
Are you jerking off to it? 
Me personally, no. Is somebody jerking off to it? Undoubtedly.
So why then?   So interesting. 
I passed my driving test :)
Congratulations! I've got my test (uk) in 19 days and I'm very nervous
That's really funny, got mine in 19 days too
Good luck! I shall try to remember and see how you get on!
Haha, now I will do the same ^^
Haha.... I love ypur name.
Well done, but I'm not gonna lie I mostly came here to applaud your magnificent username. 
until you know how to drive a manual, you don't know how to drive 
Ask me a question and I will ask you one in return
What country would be the worst to wake up naked in? 
What is best in life? 
Whats the scariest movie you’ve seen.
The first sinister movie messed me up 
Extreme Coffee people are weirdly aggressive
Coffee sucks so does tea
Let’s go get a cup of white chocolate mochas!! 
I love putting a scoop of ice cream and sugar. Perfect for saturday.
Ask me any question, and I'll most likely answer.
I'm doing just fine. How are you, yo?
What is you favorite color?
Name your top 25 favorite letters. Go.
C S X R T U Z Y V W P M Q A D E F G H I J K L N O  
Hates the B, I see.
Ask me why
Anyone else just miss the feeling of having someone to talk with everyday about normal stuff?
おはよう！ 
안녕하세요! 나는 한국말 공부해요, 조금 말해요. 뫄 오늘 배오았어요?
안녕하세요! 나도 한국어를 공부했어요! 2주간 한국어를 배웠어요! (Hope that was right lol)
Amuse me, tell me something interesting about yourself
I speak four languages, anyone else? 
1. English 
2. ASL 
3. Two year old
4. Cat 
What non-English songs do you like?
Goud by Bazaar, Als ze lacht by yevgueni
Who else uses reddit because they feel lonely in real life?
I don't even have a life, so yeah.
Unspeakably lonely.
You just need someone to talk to :)
Me! Tinder is such a hit-and-miss, I actually had more success with reddit.
You had dating success on reddit!
Yes. Once.
I got approached twice, but the other one got cold feet :(
How what?
You're given $5000...
I cant use to help fund my 25k adoption?
25K Adoption? Huh?
Im adopting a little China girl in June and all total costing me 25k
I’m not sure about you but I’ve always found plastic to be better than China it’s sturdier.
Good point. ☺
My to my uncle say I had a crazy night in Chicago and use it in bills lol. 
He'll have the Fun Police come and put you in Fun Jail
I'd buy a ton of Legos
I like it when people message me
Don’t message me
Whats your favorite Studio Ghibli movie?
I really liked Princess Mononoke.  It wasn't the first for me, though.  The plot thickens! :D
What was your first?
What was the name of the one with the girl who goes to the kingdom full of cats? 
The cat returns?
Spirited Away.
Was it your first?
Is anyone else excited about the Studio Ghibli theme park that’s going to open in 2022?
I've realised I've never seen an owl in real life :(
You never been to a zoo?
I mean seeing owls in the wild. 
Have you ever seen a tiger in the wild?
I’m a city girl and I’ve never seen wild animals close up in real life :-(
Did you know that if you look inside an owl's ear, you can see the back of its eyeball?
Why am I always tired ?
Get some bloodwork done. Could be anemia, has those symptoms
Vitamin D deficiency. Believe me, it can wear you down.
What video games have you been playing last week?
I’ve been playing too much breath of the wild.
That is one game I would like to play. It has a awesome world.
It’s a great game and if you have a switch you can play it while taking a dump.
Anyone up for a chat?
how are you 
I'm encouraging insomnia
Not good friend, you need sleep
I'm currently obsessed with Bloodborne. Any video games you love as much as I love that one? 
Where are ya headed? I love road trips!
I’m going through the smoky mountains atm
It’s a long one and we’ve got some rain right now
Deadmau5, future, mgk,breathe Carolina tiesto, juicy j, adventure club to name a few
Hmm I’m confused?
Sorry that was supposed to be in reply to my previous music festival comment.
Lol ohhh 
That’s awesome.do you like dancing?
I do but it's hard to watch lmao
Lol I like to dance too 
I love dancing to Justin Timberlake 
Not really my taste in music but I'm not knocking it. Any go to dance moves?
Lol I can moonwalk does that count?
8 hours? Where are you going, the moon?
No the moon is closed for memorial weekend so we’re headed to mars😆
What generation are you? And what was your childhood?
I'm only 21 but this made me feel really old lol
Bitch please. 34 xD
Yeah u old fam
Having and art block and went to see if reddit can fix that. :/
I appreciate people who don’t make you feel left out
This is so wholesome 😍
I had a realisation today that nobody would see me as their best friend.
How old are you OP?
I went clubbing with my parents
18? Where do you live?
Sounds like UK with the use of tonne and uni
Is tonne from the UK? Wow how do you describe more than a lot in the US then? 😂
Your post and comments made me smile :) 
How was the music/lighting there? 
You are only 18? This is illegal!
UK legal drinking age is 18 :)
No, you have to be 21 to drink
Just looking for some new friends!
Did you like Mafia 3?
What sort of rap do you like? Scat, fast, casual, heavy, or else?
Put a bad lil bitch on a pill
AND SHE FUCKED THE TEAM THATS HOW U FEEL? 
People keep teasing me for cuddling with my mom.
My opinion. Y’all need some help. You and your mother. 
Because they show affection to each other? Must be a sad life you lead there.
I'll reply to every comment in this thread. Ask a question, muse about penguins, shit on Lebron, whatever's on your mind. You'll quit before I do.(lonely as hell)
Older than you probably.
&gt; In millimeters
Try converting the distance of the observable universe to millimeters. 
What’s the saddest song you can think of? Aside from the pet one 
Whats the pet one?
From those old pet shelter commercials. Arms of the angel i think is what it’s called. 
Cavs or Celtics in 7?
What's your favorite subreddit?
Maybe this one because the people are nice. You?
Probably r/AskReddit
I just learned about grilled cheese sandwich combined with tomato soup! I have no idea how I lived without that before!
It’s the ultimate comfort food combo, especially in the winter. 
Aww man I really wish I had discovered it in winter. 
Dip your sandwich in the soup.
it's just pizza at that point. 
No, once you dip it, it's technically a melt. 
it's cheese, bread, and a tomato sauce. it's pizza. 
The question is - do you use butter to make your grilled cheese, or mayo? 
Try adding a dill pickle!
This is adorable! Any dishes you think us Americas are missing out on?
Sprinkle some garlic salt on your bread before you grill your cheese... delish
My mom wont buy tomato soup so i cant try :(
What are your plans for the three day weekend?
I'm going to a music festival on sunday
Aww fun! What kind?
Anyone wanna chat
What's up? I'm just playing some Ghost Recon Wildlands right now. 
Never heard of that! Currently listening to the I music and drinking!
It's an open world stealth game, what music?
Sounds good! Uhm chart music unfortunately haha
Just hanging out at a coffee shop then heading home to have tea in my room
Favorite Mario title video game?
Mario Kart without a doubt
Mario FIFA (a.k.a, Super Mario Strikers)
Ha, I loved that game! Sucks that the sequel was cancelled.
&gt;Sucks that the sequel was cancelled
Isn't there one for the Wii though? 
There is but that isn’t a sequel. It’s more of a port. 
as a millennial, I'm frustrated
Avocado toast? Wtf is that?
How are you guys and gals doing tonight?
I feel restless and wide awake, at 3:35am... trying to depressurise but it’s not working.
What are you trying to depressurise with?
Just trying to breathe right now, clear the tension and all that fun stuff.
Try listening to some music.
That was what I tried first.
What music did you try listening to?
Video game soundtracks.
If you say I love you very often to someone you really love, it increases the chance of that being the last thing you ever say to them.
r/showerthoughts
r/ShowerThoughts
Hello, what is everybody up to this morning?
Raining pretty hard outside, so I'm in for the day (I ride a bicycle; don't drive) 
I love the rain! Is it dangerous or just unpleasant to ride in the rain?
Not good for the bike.
Didn't even consider that one 
I wonder what we’d be doing right now if the internet didn’t exist
Probably actually working.
I would still be pooping.
We'd go back to our roots and become primitive cavemen
Why is everybody shouting :(
There is currently a sink dripping right next to me. It is driving me out of my mind. 
Have you tried hitting it with a hammer? That has been known to fix leaky taps
Unfortunately it is not my sink so I think I'd get in trouble if I hit it :/
Get a cloth and tie it around the end of it should help... 
You, good sir, are a genius. 
All good! 
Also last time I checked I'm a chick... or the world's first pregnant sir haha
Have you considered turning your hearing aid down?
Are people truly night owls?
I prefer the term superior internal clock. Mornings are for chumps 
Dang, that term makes a night owl like me feel like a badass
As the mod of /r/NightOwls it's my job to evangelize our awesomeness at every turn! 
I want to compliment you guys!!!🙂
Really wanna get in on this, but how do?
Throw out something! Anything!! lol 😊
I wrote a book. I'm afraid to let people see it.
Could you let one person see? Someone you trust? Sometimes it gets easier from there. 
I mean, that's a lot of trust.
I sent you a message! I would really appreciate it you could answer there 
What weird things are you interested in?
I watch Women's Wrestling from Japan.
I love Japanese trampolining lol
Oh my! That ought to be interesting!
Vintage fans. All about the retro looks, and high quality before planned obsolescence existed. 
Look at my flair.
r/CasualConversation here, help us test Subreddit Chatrooms
Sadly \(or luckily, you never know\) can't access.
I can invite you if you like :)
I'd like to be invited
I'd like to participate (:
Can I have an invite? No reason, I just like trying new stuff. :3
Invited!
At 29 I've finally understood why old people get up early
you work from 6am to 4:30pm?
Hey, anyone here?
Hi to you, too.
Sitting in hospital is unbelievably boring. I know that first hand.
Yeah Boring and sad.
I’m officially the first person in my family to graduate college!
That's amazing! Congratulations!
Thank you! It’s definitely a feeling lol
It's wonderful! You've started a trend that gives future generations an even better shot!
If you feel good right now, (i.e. not sick, not injured, not clogged in any way, no aches, no anything) take a moment to enjoy it!
This is definitely r/lifeprotips material, 95% better than all the other BS posted in there!
I am so hyped for E3
something borderlands
Wait. DEVIL MAY CRY 5????
What is your favourite *productive* hobby?
Films.Twice a day.
After a year of job searching after high school, I was finally offered a position pouring concrete with a construction crew...but I just had a completely sleepless night and I’m not sure if I can go this morning.
Lunch hour! How's it goin' bud? 
Not really having a good day. Anyone wanna chat?
Hey what’s up? I got about half an hour to kill before I head off to college so I’m all ears
Physics, maths, and psychology. Each of them are a pain in the ass 
Hello fellow European, if you still want to chat I would be happy to kept you company.
Hi buddy! How’s you’re day going? 
Hi! I hope your day gets better. I'm here if you want to talk! Best wishes.
Community Conversation: Food
I actually stopped eating.
Yes pineapple goes well with pizza. There, I said it. 
My username checks out too. 
I love spaghetti and any kind of pasta.  Also, pineapple does not belong anywhere near a pizza.
What as your favorite tv show as a kid?
He-Man. 
A year since I last smoked cigarettes.
Congratulations. I stopped smoking on New Years and haven't felt this good in a long time! 
What do you do at work?
I am a data analyst at a University. 
Finally decided to completely finish a game, from top to bottom.
The only game I finished is GTA V
Completely? 
Whenever I type 'lol', I envision it as a man lifting his arms next to his head saying 'woo'.
I never really looked at it like that before, but I guess I will never not see that now.. lol
\o/
lol  \o/  lol  \o/  lol  \o/
Hey, over here!
When ever I see “lmao”, I read the text in my head as “le-maow” rather than “l-m-a-o”. 
~~~~~~lol~~~~~^~~~~
SHARK! 
Yo whenever I see owo or uwu I read it as it is like oo-woo or whatever
\😲/
That's adorable. 
\😃/
I love them! 
Used to do whole wee guys, but the formatting always fucks them up! 
Which whole wee guys? 
I put one in another reply. Had to dick about with him to make him work. 
I seen it. My dude, don't worry. Also nice to see another brit here lol. 
It’s quiet around here before America wakes up and plugs their ass back in to the collective! 
And *lol* is a cheerleader 
Thank you Yu-Gi-Oh!
Screw the rules I have money! 
That you Kaiba? 
That's Seto Freaking Kaiba to you! 
Yes Mr Kaiba! I mean! Mr Seto Freaking Kaiba!
shut up mokuba 
Attention duellists! Mr Kaiba thinks I'm his brother!
Somebody's got to be after I dueled mullet guy so hard he ~~died~~ went to the shadow realm. 
I consider myself more of a Kaiba fan girl so...does that work for you?
Blue eyes shining dragon!
How are you guys doing? I’m feeling quite sad.
and why is that? May I ask.
What animals do you think you could knock out with one punch?
I think I could knock out a Llamo
A bird, no doubt. 
Elephant
I like to write but I feel that I'm just no good at it...
I'm actually the opposite...I don't really care for writing but think I'm decent at it.
Didn't read the post did you? ;p
No I did. I never said I was the opposite of you, I'm the opposite of your post title.
Ha! Fair enough. You wanna play? 
Who wants to play a game of Never Have I Ever?
Never have I ever gone to a rock concert
Never have I ever been to the ocean
It was I believe a steak.
Never have i ever been inside an active volcano
Not yet 
Never have i ever played never have i ever.
This is a tough one...
Never have I ever been on an airplane!
I just got off an airplane and I'm getting ready to get on another one!
I hope you have a wonderful time  wherever you are going!
I'm going home and I'm going to sleep forever!
Sleeping in your own bed after traveling is such a good feeling.
Never have I ever gotten an A on a paper I've waited to write till the last minute. 
Still in shock 
;) never have I ever shit myself as an adult. 
Is this as common as people say? I never have
I'm not quite sure... You get to ask a question now!
Never have I ever been kidnapped
I miss proper chat rooms.
Kik has some decent chat rooms 
Explain your username!
It's a material I use a lot at work.
It’s Friday night and the freaks are out! What are you doing tonight?
Starting a new series on Netflix... 
Same as you, just beat God of War. Dat ending.
I love seeing everybody interact on here. When I see a thread of people joking around or uplifting eachother, I crack a huge smile.
This is by far one of the more pleasant parts of Reddit.
This really is the most wholesome subreddit. 
More than r/wholesomememes? lol
Absolutely! It's always nice to come here, just to escape some of the negativity.
The username and that comment make for an interesting pair, to say the least.
Maybe he just loses at being a loser, which in turn makes him a winner?
I am a female.
And. Yes.
In the next week im taking my finals for school and about to get out on May 24
I made up a game when I was in high school (18 years ago now) and thought it would be fun to play here:
Televisionbutt
Jumping in Drive
Hot rest 
Coldplay
10 Minutes to Saturn
The Progeny 
Flying in men
Two Toe Life Smack
One Finger Death Punch
A Band Named Voyage
Misfortune the singer
PROBLEM THE DANCER?
Not quite haha
NoiseServant
Chilly Primates
Made to Tip
Sprint the Diamonds
I can't get any of these 😩
Audioslave
Bult to Spill (a bit obscure, I'll admit)
Run The Jewels
You should have left them for others to guess. Good ones though!
Brown Mouthed Onions
lake
This one might be a little difficult so I wrote it in all small letters as a hint. : ) 
EngineCranium
Radiohead. Did that one as Televisionbutt already 🤣
Try again
Wooweee!
This band is famous for their hit the two of diamonds
Deaf Berry
Trois 24 hours Elegance
Drama at the Ball
Mother Jane Foggy
Hawks
frying pan
analog dark band
2 is ELECTRIC LIGHT ORCHESTRA
Ding ding ding! What about number 1? 
STEAM POT??
Black Muscle Religion
Three Cents All the Poorer
Wild Stallion
STRAY CATS?
The Squishing Squashes
THE SMASHING PUMPKINS
Administration Ass
Humble Hampster
Steel Moth
GlitterCow
BionicSlut
WSB
Empty Apartment
Graphite Blimp
The Unappreciative Living
Tim Spiteful and the Grievers
Terror Warehouse
Shrek’s Lover Lemon
Complete Create Speak Ponder
Alright Stop
Impartial Dairy Bed &amp; Breakfast 
Cologne Savant
Treblefisher 
BASSHUNTER
Knives and Daisies 
Your Evening Scarf
Evening Avian- large town. (2 words)
Burglar of Goblet 
2 is SPOON
Deceased clutch
Videoking
Rambunctious Rat
The Rubs
NHNU
Apartment Slavery 
Skittelz
I fucking this game. As someone who is an avid reversalist, this is amazing. Thank you 
Relaxed in the ball
Abstinence Guns
United States of America Soccer
Februarists 
Trek 
Persistent B
Phil and the Canadians 
Clear
Boundry
Euphrates
Deathly Baby
Slid tie
Nope nope 
Cultivate the populace
Sad for nightmares 
Yonder folk are perchance behemoths.
1 They May be Giants
Is cougher Hacker?
Close (I mean it could be! I have never heard of them though.)
1. The flatlines. 
 and
2. Aged the colossus 
Fall In Support Of
Three Day Weak
Glow Up
Living Bushes
Your Poisonous Heartbreak
Free the Rhinoceros
Passion for the man
Lincoln helicopter 
The falling rocks 
Domesticate springbok
The Stationary Mineral Deposits.
Phantom A.C (after christ)
How is your day going, anything special?
Congratulations! So exciting for you!
I'm stuck at work and would much rather be with my dog.
I'm on my 11th day of work in a row and I'm getting kinda twitchy. 
Shattered. It's 9pm on a Friday night and all I want is to be asleep.
Same, but I have so much studying to do
I made weekend plans with my friend, pretty good day
Let’s just talk!
Hello, Alex. I think we’ve met before. 
DEADPOOL?!
My girlfriend is amazing
go to r/happyrelationships and tell us all the thiiiiiinnnnggggssss
She gonna leave you
Oh I don't think so
She gon' leave yuh
I just finished my degree!
Congratulations! What's your degree in? Did you have a favorite class?
You finished a degree... What for?
Biology :)
depends on what degree you got, but yeah I felt weird each time I finished one.
Omg congratulations!!! 
What's ur degree in ?
Currently two months away from this (if all goes well), hope I can get there!
What makes y'all happy?
Right now? Nothing. 
Living by a username I assume? Everything okay?
No, but nothing's really wrong either. 
Having a bed and a roof over my head.  I need a new bed though.
Tell me about something you wish more people liked
Jazz and Baseball
Come to Belgium. I was even surprised I am the odd one out instead for not into jazz.
Kid Icarus Uprising. 3DS game by Masahiro Sakurai, creator of Super Smash Brothers and Kirby. 
I will check it out if I have the money to buy 3DS, which may be never lol.
My 30 page final paper was due today. I had all semester to work on it, but I waited until yesterday to start it.
And you finished it?!?! Way to go!
I did. It took about 8 hours total, but I finished! Thanks! 
The fact that you managed to finish it in 8 hours is mind-blowing to me. Damn dude, well done!
I’m still in shock lol thank you!
OP be honest did you take Adderall or something to accomplish this? 
That's amazing! As are awesome!
Right! Hopefully
What do you hope to do after you graduate?
Who is your coke dealer?
Where do (did) you go to school? Here in OH we had our commencement like two weeks ago. 
I want a girl best friend
Are you me? Haha. I've always wanted this!
Hmm, are you? What's your favourite food and colour? 😂😊
I love all food \- can't pick! Color \- purple, with black being a close second. \(:
This is the kind of friendship I really miss having.
Where do you live? Lol I need one too! 
I want friends...
Does the TV show count?
Animes help a lot.
What about Reddit?
Free Compliment Thread [Sort-New]
Thanks, I really needed this thread.
Can’t sleep
its almost 3am and I have to be awake in 2hrs. Cant sleep dunno why!
Welcome to the non-diagnosed insomniac club brother!
Sister* ^w^;
thank you I feel very welcomed :&gt;
Lol, anyone up at this ungodly hour is welcome!
Good luck with the operation my friend! I can’t sleep as well, but I’m not sure why haha
Good luck! What games do you plan on playing while you are recovering?
What food combos do you like that others find strange?
Hot dog and rice.  But tell that to any other Filipino and they'll be like, yes this is normal.
Chicken, ride, diced salad with lemon juice, and plain yogurt all mixed up
Pancakes with sour cream and cheese in them 
Well that's sound like the quickest way to ruin a perfectly nice pancake 😉
Describe yourself with a color!
Endless grey 
:( I mean it fits your name...
At the end of the day I'm just... Me. 
Is that a bad thing?
The worst. 
Well who do you wish to be?
I'm not really sure. Someone happy? Someone brave? Someone nice? Maybe just the opposite of me. 
Ok. So what do you think is stopping you from being that?
Honestly, I'm not really sure. My brain? Alcohol? My job? Your guess is as good as mine. 
A fierce, powerful, vibrant, but heavily faded red. 
You have to explain because I love the visual and red is my favorite color!!
Well I still have the vestiges of that fiery red but it's slowly being choked out by life.  
Oh...I hope it gets better!!
Thanks! Who knows, I might get that fresh coat of paint someday 
Is the absence of colour, a valid colour. If not, then I go with bright red.
I mean hey, that works. But why a lack of color?
I'm just not there, unnoticed, invisible, nothing of note about me. 
Anyone want to keep a lonely Irish lassie company tonight?
Oh man, I can empathize with being marooned far from society.  How you coping haha? 
50% loving it, 50% feel like I'm going to go insane lmao
What percent is loving going insane though? 
49.9% lmao
Come join us in the &gt;50%, we have tea! 
Two sugars and milk for me
What would you prefer, Earl Grey or Mr? 
You look like Drew Barrymore!!
Is that a good thing or bad?
I became Siri today
Sounds like the AI has finally begun training us.
Siri, do I look fat in this dress?  😂
You look fantastic! 
Am I childish for liking Harry Potter?
Firstly, no.
Secondly, even if it was childish... who cares?
Shrek is such a great movie
I LOVE SHREK. Also, the soundtrack is phenomenal. I don't care what anyone says.
Somebody...
Once
Told
The 
World
Was
Gonna
Roll 
ain't
DESPACITO
the 
Shrek is love. 
Shrek is life.
At least someone got the reference. Those videos ruined shrek for me  
Only girl in computational class, feeling really down and hopeless
&gt; *computational neuro*
If it makes you feel any better, I don't even know what this means. 
I second this! lol. It sounds impressive either way!
Thirded? I have no idea either but it sounds really important and shit.
How long have you been on the course for?
Almost a year.
Still getting used to it, maybe?
This subreddit has been such an encouraging place for me
It’s amazing what reddit can be when you filter out the screaming.
ask me to explain any concept - ever!
Why is the answer to life, the universe and everything 42?
How did you come up with your username...
reflects my insecurities when sharing fake stories on the internet
I have a degree in porn search engines...
You have a PHD (Porn Hub Dick)? I’m sorry, that was a terrible joke, I’ll just leave now... 
hahaha no i have a masturbates degree... 
emotional support from strangers makes my day
I have a great girlfriend!
I am so jealous. That’s... love. 
She is amazing, she really is and I can’t imagine what on Earth I did to deserve her! 
Nothing. I have a wife. Not sure how I deserve her
That's...being a girlfriend. Even the shortest ones do that. 
Uhhhhhhhhhhh. Nope. Not always.
&gt;i don't feel so good
What’s your point? 😅
the i don t feel so good meme
She gonna leave ya some day
I'm envious;  I've wanted that special someone 
You’ll find that special someone, I‘m sure of it!
lol largely doubtful 
Today’s my birthday so I got that going for me
so far not much has made me overly happy this week :/
You okay? 
yeah actually, i made weekend plans w/ my friend so my mood has been lifted this week
Right in the feels post, OP.
~ The forever alone guy.
Sorry! Do you need to talk?
UK checking in. Educate me, what exactly are sugar snaps?
Nothing made me happy this week, and I dread my doctor's appointment Friday...
Oh no, I’m sorry! What kind of an appointment is it, if I may ask? 
Well... an everything appointment, with a probable follow-up to check for cancer...
But it’s just a normal appointment, right?
Still, I agree, those appointments suck!
Yeah, but results/follow-up is what I am afraid of..
THATS SO CUTE AGHHHHHHH 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
What's a sugar snap?
A vegetable that I really really like :D
Oh wait. Sugar snap peas?
Exactly those, but still in their nature bag :D
Very proud dad
Damn right you should be proud, your doing a good job on raising her. 
Please don't juul in front of her
How did you come up with your Reddit Username?
Mine is a combo of my cat's name and my name 
What's the logic behind your reddit username?
...you first.
Mix of two zodiac signs. Pisces and Leo
I’m single 
Does this mean you have to burn your reddit account when you become un\-single?
I used to be fat.
I love booze.
I got a jolly roger tattooed on my arm.  
It's kind of a shitty pun on my heritage. Kebab is Turkish and Hasse is a very Swedish name.
And yet you didn't go with Turkiska_Glädje
self explanatory 
It’s my ps4 gamer tag lol 
Ps. No I will not add any random friend requests lol
I am a Korean ajumma.  There are no amateur ajummas.
Because I hate when people shit talk cats, so I end up defending them a lot. 
I like cats, love dogs, wouldn't ever talk shit about them. Do you have any cat(s)?
It's Gobias... as in, Go buy us a cup of coffee
It's my ethnic background.
Where is this from?
Filipino + Puerto Rican
first initial and the english translation of my surname. Easy as that.
Irony
Being?
The emoji movie is so terrible might as well rep it
I drink a lot of wine. 
As far as it's in moderation, yayyyy for wine. 
I once had a cat, it was named Tigger. In my language the word cat is spelled as kat.
favorite knight o’ the round table
Oh, I happen to own the majority of shares of the Jaguar company. Nothing major
Prove it or it didn't happen. 
Mine explains itself
My favorite animal is a dinosaur (all the dinosaurs) and I tend to be clueless a lot
Interesting. What are some parts of your life that you're sure about, though?
My significant other and my job are the first two that come to mind 😀
What's your job all about?
I'm a teacher
You must be a really good one. You've a very nice and a warm vibe about you. 😊
I wish society was more accepting towards people who just want to be followers rather than leaders.
Preach! What is the point of leaders if there are no followers anyway? 
Is straying from the pack and just doing your own thing, a thing? Because I rather do that
I just want to suck my own duck tbh
There are also the ones that don’t want to follow or lead. They just want to be left alone.
You sound like you should lead this movement 
Explain your reddit username?
There was this wrestler a while back...
I wonder what wrestler you could be talking about, I don't know of amy benoit.......
My college nickname is ron and a love a good roll on Es
When I made my account I had heartburn whilst having a massive shit that hurt my arse, ye 
My RL name and random name generator, cause I didn't like my previous usernames
So is your name josh or endyne?
How do you convince the internet to stop doing something?
I don't know about everyone else but I promise I won't call you boobie ever
What is your favorite band at the moment?
LANY.
Whats their best song or album?
Nine Inch Nails 
Like im asking everyone, what is is their best album in your opinion? 
I currently love Thursday. 
I enjoy the song Lydia too! 
Today is the 90th day I have gone without one fucking drink!
How does a drink have sex?
I'm 30. I still like to pretend I'm flipping open a butterfly knife when I use open my nail clippers and I pretend that I'm using the force to open automatic doors.
I'm a bit older than you and I do that force thing with the doors, too.
Can you...
I'm a ninja, and you've never seen me.
I don't always think before talking, and it's gotten me into trouble before.
Stahp for a moment before you say it!  
I've gotten better at it, but old habits die hard.
I like hugging people, no matter who it is
So I don't have any friends...could you be my friend
ı got bored let s meet but how give your number me 
uhhhhhh idk dude can we talk on discord or something 
What kind of anime/manga do you like?
anything really
What games do you like? Do you play on PS4? I’d be down to play with you on there!
yes! i do have a ps4
Sure, what games you play?
yea sure like fortnite or something?
Hit me up, I’m always down to make new friends! :)
Sup 
Anyone else love riding the train for no reason?
I’d rather walk around in the rain. 
I got a job I thought I had 0 chance of landing
Sounds like you deserve it! Congratulations!!
Thanks! I can't wait till my fiancee gets home so I can tell her.
What the hell is a union apprentice
I'll be working for the Steamfitters Union, I'll be learning on the job how to do what they do.
Bored af anyone want to talk?
What would you like to talk about? 
Really anything how a your day been?
I've only been up for about 10 minutes, lol.
you?
Haha damn lucky and it's been good until now I'm tired and hungry 
lol I'm about to eat now, actually 
Ohhh shit what's on the menu
Ramen noodles, lol I can't cook. 
Damn bro even that sounds good as hell
3 hours to kill?
What's happening in 3 hours?
Is anyone wanting to just chat?
hey there im 17 year old male 
no probs at all if your up chating :)
yea i text late tho sorry
Hi, 
I’m bad at replying but willing to give this a try haha 
girl, 19
me too haha im mainly doing this while im a twork so i dont go insane hahah
I'm originally from Dundee.  Now live in London. Hello!
I just found out that people like me. Holy crap, it's amazing.
YES YES A MILLION TIMES YES! its like a warm blanket coverinf you.
It totally is. I feel like I could do anything and people would support me for it.
Do I know you?? There's some weird coincidences with your story and what I was up to last night
Really depends, pm me if you want to find out though!
Did you just have to convince me you didn’t rape anyone?WTF was that dude?
It was seriously such a weird thing to throw out there. Threw me off.
Truth is tempting, but I have to go with truth.
#BRAVE CONTENDER**WHAT** Do you currently dread
Financial destitution
Non consensual sodomy
Snake bite
Psycho castrators
These are all worthy things to be afraid of
Why arent you out socializing with real people tonight?
Honestly? Not sure where I would go.
#BRAVE CONTENDER**WHAT** Is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
Lol 24 miles/hour....I know my memes. 
...I saw that change from I know my memes to I guess. Don't try to hide it. 
I'm a rebel, I kind of want to say dare... but nah, truth! 
#BRAVE CONTENDER**WHAT** Makes you happy
Recently it’s been going on drives and listening to music 
Dare to tell the truth? 😂
#BRAVE CONTENDER**WHAT** Is your vice?
Alcohol.
That'll do it
also truth
Truth! Try me
#BRAVE CONTENDER**WHAT** Do you secretly like?
Probably watching people from me balcony , but don’t tell them
That sounds fun, also I have a megaphone.
What’s your favourite use of said megaphone?
#BRAVE CONTENDER**WHAT** Is your least favorite food?
Truth (by the way congrats on answering all the massive amount of truths) 
Tell me something about you, and I'll tell you something about me.
I have 3 cats
I'm 6'0 tall.
I think turtles are really cool
I danced with a girl for the first time today. 
I am a Libra.
Fun! I went out of my comfort zone. And I wasn’t anxious. 
Thats awesome! Dancing is fun and i wish i was comfortable asking girls to dance more often!
I'm colourblind.
I am American.
I have only left the UK once.
I've never done any kind of drug.
I am going to uni in september.
I like to play the old Pokemon games.
 I have only ever owned one pokemon game (blue).
My favorite video game is Fallout: New Vegas.
I speak 4 different languages.
I can moonwalk.
I have a scar on my foot from a piece of lego.
I have a scar on my ankle from when a dog bit me when I was little.
I'm an officer.
I'm a desk jockey.
I have 2 dogs.
Frankenstein is my favorite novel.
I'm married.
My personality type is ENTJ-T
I'm blonde.
I have Irish heritage.
My family is Danish all the way back to the 13th hundred.
My favorite word is Proclivity. 
I like cars.
I am a big fan of documentaries. 
I enjoy cooking.
I got to fly a helicopter once.
I am afraid of heights.
I luv yoo
I am bisexual
Do you have a best friend?
Yes, she doubles as my wife.
does my cousin count?
I made a homeless man cry this morning
&gt;calling into
This is an aside, but what's that expression? (I'm not native English)
I'm gonna put a positive spin on what you think is a negative trait.
This is awesome!! . 
I know you are, but what am I?!
 A W E S O M E
Double awesome
Triple awesome 
Ik u r but wut m I
I don't want kids.  At all.  Ever.
I cannot build a narrative for my life which isn’t completely rooted in fantasy and hedonism. 
You're a lover and a dreamer!
Visionaries are all the range in business these days! 
Either you meant rage, or the range pun went over my head? Inquiring mind(s?) want to know.
I dont like scooters.
This is a good post. Reading OP's replies give me immense feeling of satisfaction.
You deserve to feel immensely satisfied so I'm glad I could help!
Why u so cool op
Because they can be.  
I’m a lazy piece of shit. 
You've become one of my favourite people in just a matter of seconds
Negative trait?
I'm a terrible procrastinator.
No, you're just a chilled person who takes your time because it's a precious and valuable thing!
I'm fat.
I get annoyed and sometimes angry at really minor things. 
I am incredibly lonely, but I feel like people all hate me so I end up pushing them away.
I'm not good at talking to people.
Whenever stress hits me really hard I get muscle spasms, mainly in my eyes and left thumb.
I’ve had horrible acne for two years and i wash my face everyday it doesn’t go away
I'm racist.
Eh too much effort
I cannot concentrate well (I have ADHD). 
I look like Will Ferrell.
I have an unsightly mole on my upper lip.
I just got complimented on my butt twice in one day... I'm a guy
Pics or it didn't happen.
Booty knows no genders. You should go to your math class in leggings someday. 
I think that's a bit far, isn't it.  Lol.
I hate living in New York City, so I'm moving back home and I've never felt better.
I once met a guy at a music festival who said, I had to go to New York to appreciate Arkansas.
YES! I agree completely with that feeling.
Haha shit Arkansas is a gem. Well northwest Arkansas don't bother elsewhere. 
Should we tell OP we have some of the best bike trails in the nation?
Move to Long Island, but out East in Suffolk! It’s so beautiful 
Good luck with your move home!! Sometimes your home town is where you're meant to be. 
Have you considered writing? 
Oh, I do. I focus on it more and more.
Meet new people :)
How are you today? 
I've been feeling more restless than usual today, how are you?
that's rough buddy, havin trouble sleepin? I'm doing alright myself, just sleepy today
Yeah, sleep is becoming real troublesome.
good morning sleepyhead 
hello friend! how are you?
I'm doing well. I'm about to have a pool party 
Is your name Dr. 5-alt-y because you have 5 alts?
the 5 is an S cause i'm so salty all the time
How do you like your coffee? I prefer mine black or with vanilla cream
i like mine with some of that coffeemate vanilla creamer, sugar free! it's tasty!
My son is so sweet
That is adorable!
I know! This never happens
Kids are always so cute when they're sleeping!
They are extra cute when they WANT to sleep next  to you.
Screw off nobody wants to hear about your great life 
I never knew men noticed things like that.
Why don't we open a WhatsApp group with one person per country?
That actually sounds like a great idea! 
Where are you from? If you're not from my country, you may inaugurate the group chat :)
Sounds great! India
Uk here count me in
Sent you the link. Welcome!
Joined
Where are you?
I would like to represent the US if the position is still available.
Yes, available. Welcome!
Darn missed it by 26 minutes
This sounds fun! Hello to u all from Dubai!
Can I join I’m from russia :) 
Of course! Welcome!
Add me if the other person is an asshole haha
I got no response from him. You get the right instead.
Norway reporting in!
Ja! Jeg er så gladt
Very nice!
Jeg var i Norge i 2008 og 2014. Så vakkert.
That's nice! Any particular reason? Sad to say I haven't been to Israel. Yet!
My dad owns a café in Bergen
No way! I'm from Bergen! That's awesome. Any chance I've been there?
Kafe Spesial, just next to Lille Lungegårdsvannet?
This is so cool. I've been there! Very nice and affordable 😊
Is the position for Sweden available? 
Ja!
Darn it. I was going to take the Swedish position but you beat me to it.
Are you a Finnish Swede, by chance?
Nope. But my friend's girlfriend is if that counts.
Would you like to recommend the group to her? We don't have anyone Finnish yet.
She'd probably find it a bit weird, honestly. I'm sorry. :(
Yes, because who randomly tells people what nationality their friend's girlfriend is lmao
Germany still available? 
Anybody from the US yet? I'm in Alaska!
Oh dang, this sounds fun.  Canada? but it think someone beat me to it.
Ireland here
Northern Ireland or Republic of Ireland?
Republic
Welcome, then!
Spain here!
The Netherlands!
Sorry, you're just a bit late.
Ah that's a shame
Dual citizenship?
Is the Republic of Ireland free?
Currently reserved. I will update you.
Is the Italian position still available? 
Can I represent as someone who knows someone from another country? 
Where are *you* from?
Is Poland still available? 😬
How I pass my time shopping with my girlfriend
I think I want to go jewellery shopping with my girlfriend now...
At checkout, I always like to ask, what about that stuff you put in your purse earlier.
I'm trying to quit smoking... today is the first day!
Good luck!! You got this!  😊  look forward to better health and breathing!  lol
and everything will taste better
That’s one thing I’m super excited for!
Best of luck in your quest to be smoke free!!
good luck mate, i an trying to quit masturbating and its the third day
Any specific reason why, if you don’t mind my asking?
I’m damn near impossible to please.
I'm working on an app
Oh shit? What's the app about? What's it for?
Ha.  I’m the girl your mom warned you about.  Nothing bu damaged goods.  ;)
i am like obsessed with becoming rich.
Ask me a question and I will answer it and ask you one back
Without Googling, which British cities can you name?
I got a 4.0 this semester.
You’re my motivation 
Stop that. Hahah. Thanks!
Love you bro
What does 4.0 mean? I'm not familiar with the american education system
What game have you spent the most time on?
Hearts of Iron 4 or fallout new vegas 
Kerbal Space Program, 2500+ hours and counting.
Essentially just want to make some online friends!
I'm curious as to what inspired your username
I play a bit of Skyrim and if you do, you'll know
17 M as well, and Im looking for the same tbh
Hey you doin my dude 
I'm in need of human connection so let's play a game!
why lamb chops tastes the best regarding other meat?
Cats or dogs? 
What are you currently doing?
Waiting for my headphones to charge so I can continue binge watching.
I just got done playing videogames; not doing anything now aside from just sitting here thinking
Nice what games?
Laying in bed and talking to people about tea since its too late for me to drink any.
I am currently starting to learn about OpenGL 3.3. Learning game programming this summer
What is making you happy lately?
I just finished finals...but I wouldn't say anything is making me happy.
Looking forward to anything? Movies, concerts, games? 
Not really, just finishing up God of War.
Filmstruck,one way of tolerating existence.
Filmstruck?
It is a film streaming service.
Nice, what separates it from like netflix or hulu? 
Focused on more classic and harder to find films.
Have any favorites you've watched lately?
So many,but Chunking Express hasn't left my mind.
I think I think too much. Are you an overthinker too?
Always. I overthink practically every minute of my life and I hate it.
monday's the one day to answer 5 q's.. for now..
yup. 
and me too
;p
Always a pleasure seeing that...
;]]
Bigger is better.
hahah youuuuuuuuuu have a one-track mind
Darlin I am talking about the size of your smile...what are YOUUUUUUUU talking about?
;p 
Don't you just love being indoors at night time looking outside when it's raining?
No, it rains here far too often! And it's usually constant, not a nice satisfying rain shower. 
Why do you like or dislike heavy metal
Do hair spray bands count. I.e. Poison, Motley Crue, Slayer etc etc?
What is your favorite movie?
Donnie darko hands down favorite movie of mine 
I just dropped my entire plate of food into the bath.
Why did you held a plate of food over your bath anyway? :)
I'M HUNGRY AND TIRED, I THOUGHT BREAKFAST IN BATH WOULD BE RELAXING!
I am so sorry 
But I'm also laughing so much LOL
Why have the gods forsaken me...
You are not an idiot. Clumsy yes. No idiot.  Lol
I had used my apple bubble bath. :(
Okay, so Apple bubble bath sounds amazing!!
It isssss! It's the one from Body Shop. So good.
Two words.
Inflatable plates.
YES. NEED.
Can they be shaped like pineapples?
Yes. Yes. , And yes.
Yesssssssss.
Yes? Yessssssss
Yesssssssttthhh
Yesssssssssssssssss's
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeezsssss
Wait. Is this a real thing!?
And if not......why????
Only problem is, you can't use knives or forks on it. 
INFLATABLE KNIVES
I don't think they will cut it.
INFLATABLE FOOD
I don’t think they’re edible
INFLATABLES DIGESTIVE SYSTEM
Those white foam ones float already....
So this is like a blooper to /r/showerbeer 
Hmm. Well, that was much more NSFW than I thought it was going to be...
Don’t worry, once I spilled my beer all over my pizza. It was soaked but still pretty edible 😅
Ooh. I feel like that could have the potential to enhance it.
It’s my birthday, so pretty freakin good.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
THANKS! :D
Whatcha doing to celebrate? :D
What did you learn?
The universe hates me, and to bring empanadas next time.
why is food anywhere near the bathroom
Why were you holding your food over your bath? Were you eating breakfast in the bathtub? 
I was indeed. Or at least planning to.
I had no idea that people actually brought food into the bathroom.  Ouch
I get it, I'm a weirdo. I just wanted to snack in luxury! IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK??
Soup! Now, you have soup?
Is there more? 
What was the occasion for your bathtub indulgence? 
Stress and self-loathing.
Oh. Not very well. I thought it was Saturday :(
That was your breakfast?
It was gonna be. RIP.
5 second rule
I tried. It was too soggy.
So were you going to eat that special morning meal in the bath?! So much special here.
My sunday is over
E
I hope lessons have been learnt. What did you eat instead?
Bring empanadas, and get a disposal for the bath. 
I ate a depression brownie.
I don't even know what empanadas are! What am I missing?
Just go on twitter and work it that you came up with a new bath bomb challenge. 
Who else doesn't want to live a typical life?
Well, what do you want to do with yourself?
Move out west become an outdoors guide 
Well then why not do that?
Money maybe? 
You only get one chance to this on this earth. Don’t let those types of things scare you! 
How are you feeling/doing?
&gt;Hope you're doing better and handling life better than I am! 
I'm not, oh well...
What's wrong?
To be honest, I don't even know anymore.
I’m doing pretty terrible ngl 
Why are you feeling down?
I miss my boyfriend 
Aw, when are you seeing him next
he died in march 
how come you're feeling down?
stuff to do with my parents, school, work, and social isolation. How are you doing?
Not too bad, but I want something to eat. 
What do you want to eat/
Not great but doing better, what's something you like to do to feel better? 
I ruined a family dinner
You had the courage to do something I haven't yet been able to do.
What’s your favorite fast food joint? Why?
Five Guys Burgers and Fries.  Burgers are pretty ok, but the fries. Yummy. The best imho 
Carl's Jr.   Can't beat a Western bacon cheeseburger.
I’m more of a Hardee’s man myself lol. 
Bigoted corporate leadership, though.
Taco Bell. Cuz Omg.... Those tacos...
With which age you moved from your parents house?
I am 29 and still live with them. Will probably not move out for like another 5 years. 
Saves a lot of money. Do you have to pay rent or something?
Not really. Just like 300 a month, but that is mainly for our cell phone plan and car insurance.
I would be happy with expenses this small
I just got lectured by my girlfriend's dad about my hobbies.
Why do you care what her dad thinks tho
I don't know, because I'll have to interact with him now and then 
Stick it in his craw. Pick something nerdier like miniature painting or sewing.
So. I met a girl with an... odd trait to her.
is she like, trying to be kawaii?
Not that I know of. I think she thinks it's normal behavior or something. I have no clue though.
Is she hot?
That's not really what I care about. But she is physically attractive. I guess.
 At first I thought that “odd trait” was going to be a big dick. 
Oh god no. Why I even know that if I've just met her!?
Does she have wares if you have coin?
Heh. Someone else made a joke like that. Still made me laugh.
What's everybody's favorite songs?
I don't listen to music. rip?
Anyone want to peek through my profile and ask a question about what they found? I’ll do the same to each comment!
Are you Japanese? It seems like you know Japanese so I'd think you are
The girl who wore the chinese dress to prom did nothing wrong.
The fact that this is a news story speaks volumes about the US. 
r/outoftheloop. Can someone explain to me what’s going on?
Just really not doing well right now - anybody want to talk about hotdogs?
I don't eat hot dogs. But Field Roast sausages are pretty good. 
Where do you get those?
The grocery store
Does anyone ever lowkey wish they were the opposite sex?
Yeah but I’m probably non binary or trans in denial 
I'm transgender and I'm 13 months in to hormone replacement with surgery scheduled for August :)
Not wish, but life sure is a lot easier as a female minority. 
Yeah no dude that's a fantasy 
“Women Owned” is an actual company
You think life is easier as female minority. That is literally delusional 
I want to reply to every single comment I get on this post.
I like it.
Bewbs. 
They’re great. Better than butts.
My man/woman.
This will be more communication that I've had from any submitted job applications in weeks.
I’m sorry, man.
Am I worth it?
if you reply to this comment ill get run over by a car
What's your favorite joke?
What does the octogenarian pirate say? 
...Aye, M'eighty
I love to tell dad jokes! 
Sometimes he laughs.
Stealing this 
**THIS** Probably the BEST Dad Joke I've never heard.
Why do you write like you’re trying to make a title for a buzzfeed article
How could reference the context if you never heard it before?
Knock, knock.
Who’s there?
Owls. 
Owls who?
This took me longer to get than it should have.
I still didn't get it
Like owls make the sound *hoo*
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive?
Because she was a woman. Wakka-wakka!
If you want a good joke, you should ask the mushroom man.
I heard he’s a fun guy.
Do you know the mushroom man?
The mushroom ^man?
What do you call a cow with no legs?
-Ground Beef
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
Hmm, it is *R*?
Close, but it's actually the C!
If you pretend to shake salt on the back of your tongue, you can taste it.
very clever, middle school child
Gotcha!
Why'd the scarecrow get a promotion? B/c he was outstanding in his field.
Why can’t you tell a joke about the Reverend Jim Jones? 
*the punchline is too long*
Whats green and if it falls out of a tree will kill you?
A pool table.
How many ears does Spock have? Three, the left ear, the right ear, and the final front ear.
My friend told me I don't know what irony is. Which is ironic because we were at a bus stop
you snooze, you lose- thursday's 5 q's
You have not answered these yourself yet, OP! :) 
Not really.
High in the 70s, low in the 50s, partly cloudy.
No one.
Leaving work.
partly cloudy? wut
1. Constantly
2. Thunderstorm
3. Always
4. My grandfather
5. Fooood
What are three facts about you?
1. I can almost speak Russian.
2. I can almost play piano.
3. I can almost sing.
1. I am an Indian
2. I am great procrastinator
3. Cricket lover
&gt;Cricket lover
The sport or the insect?
What kind of person would you be in your wildest dreams? Career/relationships/internet presence
I would be happy. 
Probably be dead, lol
Oh, no. Why? 
Can't live forever anyways.  Wouldn't mind a nice painless death, lol
But life is so enjoyable, at least it can be 
I would basically be the exact opposite of what I am now lol
I used to feel that way. If you can dream it, you can be it. If you want, and stay focused 
Definitely not true. I've tried, it didn't work.
Let’s talk music!
What's your favorite Offspring album? Also ever listened to Bad Religion?
Smash is probably my favorite. Yes but not a lot, that’s added to the list to listen to more of!
I really want to yell at someone right now. Give me a reason to be pissed off at you.
Mario golf was bomb
My favorite pizza topping is pineapple. 
Homosexuals should burn.
I like cute kittens. 
All snakes should be referred to as danger noodles! 
Too bad you have a danger Ramen Noodle.
Delicious *and* terrifying!  
Men are emotionally stronger than women and can pack trunks more efficiently
WELL WHOSE COOKING YOUR DINNER YOU UNGRATEFUL FUCK?
I cook my own meals #StrongIndependentWoman
I do not watch Game of Thrones and I don't care what you think.
Americans are fat
sorry, late start today- 5 q's still?
1: sorta, yeah.
2: I'm trying to figure that out myself.. music seems to work sometimes though 
my room and the internet
Oops I thought you said where not who. I go to.. the internet and my girlfriend for comfort.
internet + girlfriend
Do you get hugged enough?
I get my fair share of hugs at work. Outside of work, not so much.
Lets add a number to the outside of work hugs. Hope you count virtual hugs! 💕🤗💕
Outside of work hugs, Population: 1 (but that's still pretty great).
No, not really :(
Thanks for the hug my fellow human.
Foods that everyone loves but you hate!
Avocados. Hate the things.
Have you made any good friends in reddit?
Yes! I've made one friend and she's amazing. 
No matter what I do, I cannot take a person seriously if he/she asked me my zodiac sign and starts telling me characteristics I have
Is this a thing? I've never once seen a person do this.
What country are you in? In Europe I see that a lot (and in Greece, where I am from)
Midwest united states.
Are you a Taurus?
I like goats, I’m a Capricorn. Astrology has just been proven
I’m a cancer. I have crabs. Confirmed
So... what's your sign? :)
Optimus Prime.
That's not a star sign!
It's new.
I can't take people seriously who say he/she instead of just using 'they' 
Do Bumblebees hold Grudges?
RIP in peace 
I just want to clarify something about India
&gt;  ask nudes to random women online
...I have never heard that stereotype....
you forgot to mention the stereotype depicting Indians as being serial rapists.
What. I’ve never heard this.
I have heard teepee’s, beef jerky and living off the land. 
Eh, wrong country? 
Take your poo to the loo pajeet u/486h3_11a94_74l48
I feel like I can never really talk about my religion on reddit and that makes me sad..
*Hovers ominously holding banhammer*
I'm watching you people, keep it casual ;p
Yessir!
I love the mods here, and I mean that sincerely. This is one of the best subreddits I've seen. 
We love you too &lt;3
Wanna grab dinner and head back to my place? ;)
Oh I dunno. Are you one of those strangers my mother warned me about? 
I dont think so? 
Hmmm. Seems legit
Yes, come meet me then we can go to my tortur... I mean fun zone!
Mind if I bring this hammer with me? 
Only if you let me bring this nail gun
A nail gun is no match for the banha.... yeah sure
Oh, I was gonna use it to ~~lock you in my fun closet~~ fix my drafty room, but you do you :p
This tool is both a blessing and a curse 
But what is a curse but a blessing in disguise
And that curse over there is actually JOHN CENA 🎉
I can't see him
Oh but you'll hear him! 
I'll be honest I only know John cena from memes
Isn't that his whole thing? Just like the senate or wholesomeness
How much???😁😁😁😏
*Reaches out hands to encompass the globe*
Eh, about this much.
christian here! i’d love to ask, what’s your favorite part about being muslim?
Islam, the religion of peace! /s
Islam, the religion of peace! /s /s
Do you believe any of the more controversial teachings ?
Pretty young ex-muslim here, what do you guys think about us? Btw I converted to atheism at 12
What's it like praying to a god that beat his 6 year old wife and knocked her up when she was 9
How are you guys doing today?!
I got fired from the job that I recently joined, nothing much :-P
Ah man, sorry to hear that, did you like the job?
Yeah man I did. But let's not loose hope, there is still something better out there ;-)
time to start the week right! 5 q's time~
Just Luigi 
luigi forever?
1. Eh.  Yoshi.
2. Reading in bed.
3. None.  Unless it's a hike.
4. Nah.
5. whut?
ooh i love hikes
1. Mario
2. To sleep
3. Idk
4. Nope
5. Yes
Why are you unhappy?
Being with someone I like
What are you guys passionate about?
Transgenic and Synthetic Spider Silk
Let's all share a ramdom fact/anecdote about ourselves.
I have and will always be alone.
I hope that's not true! Yer in this thread, fer one thing.
Alone in the sense that I will never have romantic love. 
My boyfriend is currently having a fight with Alexa
This argument sounds a little **petty** 
He's getting quite angry but Alexa won't...back...down
You just don't know what it means to be Alexa.
This thread is Freefalling quickly.
Well to be fair the guy was having a Breakdown
Yer so bad!
Aw, are you (Tom Petty and the) heartbroken (ers)?
My son often does this with Siri...does your boyfriend also shit himself and eat bugs?
Your current car is totaled by your sister. What do you buy?
If I went today, I'd get a Mustang, because deep in my heart I really want it.
An old-school, V8, Manual transmission Mustang? Or a Straight-4 Turbo and Automatic Mustang?
Modern, automatic transmission GT. All black.
My advice is to rent some new sisters before you settle on one, just to see which type you like.
My sister lives out of state. I want to know what **you** would do
**I** would also consider renting a sense of humor.
VW Golf. Relatively cheep, reliable, fun to drive, and doesn't suck up too much oil.
I don't have a car. Does this get me negative points?
Do you want negative points?
My brother in law just specifically asked for a hotel room near the gym so he wouldn't have to walk so far to get to the treadmill.
I 100% get this.. but it’s still freezing cold here, snow and all. 
What're some of your favorite happy/optimistic songs?
I feel better-Gotye, The Shins- It's only life, One of us- New Politics, Welcome-Oh Gravity
I really love welcome
What kind of song do you want
I don't mind any genre, how ya doing now buddy?
I'm doing good now, thanks for asking, how do you feel about country?
Fine by me, I enjoy country music
Future Sound of Egypt with Aly &amp; Fila
ABBA- Take a Chance is one of my favourites. Upbeat tempo and great lyrics. 
Really like it, any preference on your recommendation?
What made you happy today?
I ate cake ... I like cake .. I'm happy.
I Pet A Cow Today!
All I have planned for the weekend is studying for finals. 
Ugh gross. I'm there with you buddy.
Ya, on the plus side at least I have friends I’m planning to study with which is nice. 
Nice! I don't. Haha.
I might be wearing girl's clothing
Did you find it in a clearance bin? Is the brand MISSterious? I hear they're bisexual
Are... are you Michael Scott?
I request to see the said ass in them jeans.
It's in the thread somewhere, I think in reply to one of u/inkwater's comments
My country just promised to end its war that's been going on for roughly 60 years.
If I may ask, are you south or north Korean?
I'm from the South. It's funny how people always seem to ask this question haha.
Any Armys here? xD
1 year and 4 months clean from cocaine
I am proud of you 
What Do You Need?
I need about tree fiddy
*gives leaf*
:'D I'm going to turn over a new leaf! 
*Rotates leaf 180 degrees* 
*slow claps*
Thank you, thank you very much
All hail the Mr.Dr.Prof!
The preeminent rotator of leafs! 
I misread this so badly I don't even know what I read originally.
Now I am intrigued 
Me too. And confused.
Por que no los dos? 
YAY DOS!
The dos with the mos....t
The dosist with the mostist
There we go, good spanish! 
Yo comio un lapiz!
delicioso! 
Donde esta la biblioteca? 
Yo say mucho espanol! 
mucho is spanish for almost none right? 
Hehehe
Oh that one I know! That's spanish for yes indeed! 
MARACA~
Sombrero 
Bologna.
That's a city 
You're a city.
Selville 
I'm a lame city 
Population: me
I wanna move there! D:
Population: Us.
Hang out with no traffic! 
Woooo!
Sleep, an entire day of sleep would be nice
What even is sleep, it's been so long. ;-;
Its a magical thing that I barely know yet miss so much
Ugh. Tell me about it.
I could use a hug.
*internet hug*
This is the best I could do. :(
I had a crazy, scary night last night I have to tell someone about.
r/NoSleepIRL
What cars do you drive?
I've got a Toyota Corolla.
Highly reliable and solid gas mileage. 
Question for question? Lets go!
what are you most afraid of?
What is your favorite book? 
Whats your goal in life?
Good Morning Reddit, what are your plans today?
Say good morning to K
Who is K? :)
K is a girl that I like and care about
On my way to work too. I feel tired but hey, it's almost Friday! 
clobber a book (the mayor of casterbridge)
I'm about to go to finish my Thursday and go to sleep. So good dreams are my plans! 
Go to school go home and study for my AP Psychology and AP US History exam. 
Looking for a new tv show to binge, any suggestions?
Wentworth!! It's like the darker, better cousin to Orange is the New Black. So much better. 
I always associated numbers with genders as a kid.
You mean numbuhs
I guess 1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 8 and 0 are numbros
And the rest are numbritas?
numbhoes
Numbitches
See I watched the cartoon too, but for me, 0,1,3,5,7 are male and 2,4,6 and 9 are female. 
8 is asexual I guess.
8 is a housewife. 9 is a business woman.
Even numbers were female, and odd numbers were male. Who can explain the way the mind works?
Try learning French. The table is male, the chair is female.
Une table et une chaise. Both are female what are you saying? 
Une penis.
I always thought of dogs as boys and cats as girls
Kevin?
Sugar and spice and everything nice, that's what little girls are made out of. 
I've been searching for a new hobby but I can't find anything that interests me
Hiking or photography? I’m kind of assuming you live in a rural-ish area. 
No, I live in a city that doesn't have many places to go to.
Programming?
I write code for a living :D
Give me a word from your native language (or just one you know) that doesn't have a single-word English translation, and I'll try to make up a word that it translates to
My native language is English. :(
Then give me an idea that doesn't have a word but needs one, everyone can participate!
Wrench, (as in tool).
Who are you? Are you happy with you?
I’m a depressed piece of shit that needs to improve
Hey, we all need to improve. You're not a piece of shit.
A wandering meteor in the sky.
I am a thicc human and happy with it.
I'm fat. That's all you need to know.
But you're okay with yourself?
I'm an adventurer who wanders through life looking for experiences that will last a lifetime.
Gound any yet?
What's going right in your life?
Nothing of importance.
Just the daily grind; Work, come home, tv/videogames, repeat
I'm going to be a father!!
/r/predaddit is a pretty friendly place.
Awesome, thanks! Just subscribed!
/r/daddit too. Once you graduate and all.
Question: is there a diploma involved?
What are your thoughts on vaccinations? 
I'm expecting my first child at the end of November, no advice, just terrified haha
Now you can say I am your father to someone. Congrats!
Do... do I have to cut off their hand first?
I want to start reading books for fun again
Get Kindle unlimited. And go wild exploring their books.
Anyone else hate their birthdays because it only makes you realize how lonely you are?
Just got wisdom teeth taken out, lets play a game or i will tell you your fortune
Should I go to trade school and do what I want to do, or go to college but earn more money?
I’m game! What’s in my stars?!
Youre going to watch a really good movie in the next two days.
Sweet, I had the new Westworld episode to watch, do you reckon that’s it?
Only if theres crime
I need some new songs to listen to- what do you recommend? 
I realized how happy I am with my SO
r/happyrelationships wants to hear about this too!!! and it is a lovely story.
Haha seems a sub for me probably. 
You just reminded me about rollerblading. I’m so buying some new ones. 
Is rollerblading hard?? I wanna learn now after yesterday 
Community Conversation: Avengers Infinity War
Good bot.
Spoiler??
The ending was a let down
Where the fuck was Hawkeye? That’s my number 1 question!
Someone in his family probably disintegrated in front of him lol
I've been playing Dark Souls a lot lately.
Dark Souls like games scare me.
Write your country in the comments and others state a positive stereotype that comes to mind!
Norway
The Netherlands
I'm not going to attempt to spell the name of those chocolate toast sprinkles
Haha okay, I'll give you the first part: Hagel[....]
[Gulp] United States
Belgium
The UK.
Respectful! Even if you're saying something awful, you can make it sound respectful! 
My boyfriend and I held hands at a party and while walking through a city and didn't get assaulted
I'm happy for you. Europe or America?
Gay high five!
I hope to do that with my future girlfriend at some point too. 
Gross, hand holding!   Take that over to the smut peddlers at /r/handholding!
Why did you expect to be?
When you write down numbers from 1 to 9. I've always felt they are standing in a line _doing_ something. Like interacting with each other.
Poor 0
Grossed out by 7 now.
My life is coming together and I couldn't be more excited
\*high five\*
I'm so proud of my wife
This made me smile?
I just realized why we call the president POTUS and his wife FLORUS
What the fuck dude. I've been lied to my entire life
Aye my dude. A couple other common ones are PEOTUS (President-Elect) and SCOTUS (Supreme Court)
And the Supreme Court is SCOTUS.
I think they all sound dumb as hell, though.
Man all it needs is the R
The Tale of SCROTUS McBoogerballs
SCROTUS - So Called Ruler Of The United States
Hate it as much as GOAT.
Still don't know that one
SCOTUS sounds like a bad std
SCROTUS
I like the way you think spectraldorito
not sure why, but when thats lower case i keep reading it as 'spectral *dildo*'
 I also like the way you think
Somebody needs to watch The West Wing
And tell your friend POTUS that he has a funny name.
**F**irst **L**ady **O**f **RUS**sia?
Now that I have a girlfriend I can't stop listening to 30-50s songs
You’re a mighty mighty man, you’re young and in your prime 🎶
... just fucking kill me
If it's on Spotify, could you shoot me a link? Or like a screenshot of the playlist. Congrats!
Let's talk about your SO
She does not and will not exist. 
Lies, she'll find you
Female (22) would like to chat for a while
 Are you left or right handed?
Right handed...why?
What's for dinner?
RIP Avicii :(
Damn he died? He was good. I have a few good memories tied to some of his songs. RIP
My 18yo foster son just learned that he is getting a 100% free ride to a 4-year college. First in his family to ever go to college. I am so, so proud of him.
That's awesome, but if he's 18 he's a legal adult, why can't you post that stuff?
Too bad he aint yo blood!!
Blood doesn't make a family. He's my kid.
dude youve known him for six months. 
He is not your kid. you dont even know him. 
You seem like a hateful person.
you seem like a person that doesnt know what hateful means
You really are, though. You made 2 comment shitting on OP why it isn’t their kid, but it is.
I just today discovered that other people can picture things in their mind and it blows my mind
Can you taste flavor just by thinking about them.  Like thinking of a pickle or lime?
So what do you imagibe when you're like reading a novel?
Stop refreshing this subreddit looking for the things that you like to talk about and come say them to me.
I'm going to Finland Saturday morning so I'm definitely looking forward to that.
Currently working night shift at Finland... Then again I live here.
Moi, miten menee? Missä Suomessa sä asut?
I was totally not refreshing this subreddit.... 
I'm cleaning out my car right now. 
Just sitting here contemplating where everything went wrong.
Wow this is such a mood lol
But jokes aside, are you okay? 
I don't know, hopefully someday I will be lol.
Can i do anything to help? :( 
Find me a girlfriend? lol
I’ll be damned if i find you a girlfriend before finding me a girlfriend lolol
I thought you wanted to help...you're just like everyone else in my life :(
How do you feel about your name?
Used to hate mine, I like it now. It’s a Welsh name.
My band an I finally made it to spotify!
What's the band's name? Congratulations! 
The band its called Webo 
And thanks!!
Webo as in 'huevo'? (Egg in Spanish)
Yes! Hahaha
Congrats, bro!
I’d love to listen!
Heyy I can send you the link through DM!
Can you send it to me also?
Of course!
I’ll take a listen, if you don’t mind I’ll take a link too
Sure!
Congrats dude! What do you play?
I play bass!!
it's really good! you deserve it my friend!!!
With all the positive things I read here I am definitely gonna give it a listen :)
APRECIATE IT!
Added to my Playlist
Thanks a lot!!
What songs do you think have a good cover song of it?
Johnny Cash's version of Hurt is better than the NiN original, imo. 
I can’t possibly agree with you more on this!
I'm boring. How are you doing today?
Hi. Im boring too
Hi boring,
I'm not dad - I'm well. 
I'm not a dad, either
I'm working a 24-hour shift on Friday. 
Ouch sounds tough, but we got to get that paper somehow. Good luck dude!
I love my job (most of the time) it'll be exhausting but I'm excited. 
Ever woke up from a great dream depressed ?
Happened to me before, too. It's odd missing somebody who doesn't exist. 
Emotional phantom pain?
No, But I just had a dream with Dr.Dre and another celebrity at the beach. It was weird
Well I whip out my penis and they start spit-roasting me in the ass.
I almost thought I made this post.
Just saw a snake on the Reddit front page and I’m so freaked out. Anyone want to share their phobia with me as a distraction?
Horses. 
Fuck horses. 
My mom bought a vibrator but doesn't know that it's a vibrator
protip: She knows.
Separate Sub
I ordered a vibrator and told my daughter I thought it was a neck massager.
I'm a guy
Well, he’s a guy so...
She sounds hideous!
It makes me happy that this is still referenced. 
Uhh khakis 
It massages the neck of your vagina...
So the kid who bought a bong really wanted a vase? 
Boredom
You know asking people to not be creeps will only make them creeper.
Am i to late?
The train was about to leave.  You caught it on time. 
I’m bored as well.. how is everyone?
Can you guys recommend me some podcasts?
Hello from the Magic Tavern is a great comedy fantasy based podcast. It's absolutely hilarious.
The Joe Rogan Experience. All you need. 
What Makes You Happy?
Not much. 
Longest you played a Video Game?
I've put about 400 or so hours into Skyrim. Theres always more things to do
I couldn't get into Skyrim.
I've put in probably 500 hours to Hearthstone.
One of the guys i knew was into that big time back in high school.
What is that thing you always have on you?
Chapstick!! 
Lol I carry that a lot too in the winter time but never finish it alway loose it before then lol
I always have a bottle of water with me. 
It’s very important to stay hydrated and is it a plastic bottle of a reusable one?
I started carrying around a bottle of red crushed pepper 
Really why?
A former bully just called me to apologize
Now I'm a bit choked up.
Billy Madison strikes again 
What if instead of hanging out he just wants to bully you some more
I appreciate your concern, but that’s not the kind of person he is.
What’s something you’re not that great at, but you really enjoy anyway?
Sleeping 
Oh that stinks - do you have insomnia? 
Oh yeah. I sleep like 5 nights a week 
Sports. 
Watching or playing? And what’s your favorite? 
Video games
Men makeup.
I'd do that but only as a mask, because masks are cool and masks are fun.
I don’t get it. What do you mean by a mask? 
The masks used for Masquerades.
What I’ve learned from Reddit.
Wow, that was awesome. 
OP are you a robot 
Man...  This post is making me reflex and realize about a bunch of things... 
Fake and gay
What planet do you hail from?
Ketchup is one of my favorite sauces and no one seems to like it as much as I do!
Ketchup is awesome. Mustard can go die in a fire though. 
I’m high, let’s chat
You're the best, but the purple alligator is sitting too far to ypur left.
Is Gumby purple? Or is that Barny?
I've nary a clue. But if you Rollerblade over that cloud you could find out.
I've nary a clue? I'm not familiar with this phrase. Can you explain?
It means: I have no idea. 
My grandparents used to say it.
Where were they from?
im drunk wanna be friends
Yes! Let's be the bestest of friends!
Hi high, I'm Dad!
How's the high life, my dude?
Let’s discuss unpopular opinions!
GIF is said with a soft G and anyone who says otherwise is misinformed or  heavily biased. 
Wait, I thought was just generally accepted. Makes no sense the other way around.
Halo 2 isn't a good game.
Fite me irl
Whats your favorite quote and why?
I am the Senate.
- Palpatine ~ 30 bby
What song just kills you?
If you mean a song that gives you the feels, I’d say Vincent by Don McLean does this for me. 
This world was never meant for one as beautiful as you. 
Video Games by Lana Del Rey.
Ties with some bad experiences in my life. 
Oh god yes! That and her cover of The Other Woman hits me hard. 
thats a cover?
Against the Tide by Celldweller
The average Redditor
Yeah actually I do too yet I'm a Bosnian 
You guys have an amazing culture.
The story behind my username is nothing more than a bit of light self-deprecation. 
I just put my name down. Nothing new.
I like bears
No... No reason.
That is private information
Ever just feel like secondary friend?
I hate to break it to you but I don't think you're really friends. 
People can still be your friend even if you arnt their primary option, but yeah sucks
I’m feeling particularly lonely tonight. Does anyone want to talk?
I just ate four street tacos and a bit of pie. I'm going to explode.
Sounds delicious lol
Kinda! I ate too much. :S Lol. How's the ambiance at the bar?
A band is about to start. Apparently they play punk rock.
What do you wanna talk about?
Anything. What do you do for work?
EMS. you?
Construction Forman. I help build hotels all over the US. 
Cool! Do you like your job?
It’s okay. And I get paid really well. But it does get lonely.
Yeah I believe that. My job is just a lot of people, I guess the grass is always greener. 
You can say that again. What do you do?
Do you wanna fight me?
Depends. How tough are you?
So tough duh. Totally would kick your ass 
If I give you twenty bucks will you tell everyone I kicked your ass?
No. Atleast $100. 
50
$150
That’s even more!
Fine, a $100
Lol what if I just buy you a few drinks?
Bake me a cake too 
Okay. As long as it’s a cupcake 
Excuse me? 🙄
what trade?
Commercial construction. I help build hotels 
Still lonely?
You still up, dude? What’s your drink of choice at this bar?
Yeah I’m still up. I’m sipping on a dirty bong water
Haha what’s in that?
I honestly have no idea. But it’s a bit sweet.
(22 F) chat for a while. Anyone?
Good evening.
I have coffee and time.
Is your username a play on words? Breakfast At Tiffany's, Nicks Brunch At Tiffany's?
That is correct! 
Not as dumb as i look. Wait.........what?
Seems you just played yourself on Reddit 😜
Just having my first cup of coffee.  How are you?
Looking out of the window. Having a nice cold beer. I'm good thanks for asking.
I’m late again, as I was yesterday :P Again, nevermind!
Do not fear! I'm here! (Hey, that rhymes)
Tell me something cool
Just started playing persona 5, huge time investment but I'm ready for it!
It’s been raining for three weeks straight. It’s ducking gross 
Damn, sorry to hear that. Whereabouts are you from? 
Ya its all your fault. Vancouver, Canada. And like I’m used to the rain but it’s like annoying 
Yesterday was a beautiful sunny day in Vancouver?
It was only s few hours and it was windy. That doesn’t count 
(22 F) looking to chat for a while
I'm just watching some YouTube videos would love to chat with you.
Hi! Sorry. Are you still there? I was asleep hehe.
Yes I'm here
Are there any albums you can listen all the way through?
Innerspeaker by Tame Impala
Lonerism by Tame Impala
Hurry Up, We’re Dreaming by M83
I'm a soldier currently on duty and I would love to talk to someone
How is it as a soldier in Isreal?
IDF? I'm in Amman, Jordan. Wassup?
Im pretty good. How are you feeling neighbour?
There is a movie script somewhere in there.
It would be about the cats
You better name that first kid Ash, Brock, or Misty. 
Also acceptable: Bulbasaur. 
Our cats already have names sadly:( Would have been a good idea!
Why no children ;(
Just not out cup o tea :)
You must get another cat to name Bulbasoar and dress up in a cute costume for Halloween.  :)
I would name them Gengar. He's my favourite.
Hey, Gengar is my favorite as well!
My nick name is Bulbasaur
Maybe I’m her future son?
Hey OP, plan on adoption? 
This guy is a candidate.
I accept nothing but a master ball
Just a headsup
This is just so lovely. 
You didn’t need to catch them all. You needed to catch just one. 
Ok this comment made my teeth hurt it is so sweet
Bulbasaur, Squirtle or Charmander?
Me Squirrel, Him Charmander
How do u ‘online date’
Sounds like those sort of things that only happen in movies
I should try and sell a script lol  See if Troian Bellisario would play me xD
Any girl still playing portal?
Omg portal 🖤
Whered u move here from?
I didn't. He moved here from Georgia, USA
Life is hard
Wish I can stay high for my entire life. Just forget everything and escape to paradise.
If you don't have lows then you can never truly appreciate the highs 
What’s your dream job?
Graphic Designer or Musician 
Working in a longboard shop would be dope as hell
Artist/label manager, helping musicians achieve their dreams
Working in a job where you could listen to music while you work would be perfect.
Working with a team of people in an open office to make videos/commercials.
I want to make YouTube videos but I guess that starts out as a hobby first :)
Any song recommendation that is not in English?
Stromae !!
I’ve been hearing about this singer! Is he French?
What song gives you chills?
*While My Guitar Gently Weeps*
Hurt by Johnny Cash. It’s so depressing :(
Very depressing but great choice! How did you find that?
Brother - Falling In Reverse
Today is a very special day: as of today, I'm legally a woman named Ayane. Incidentally, today is also my birthday!
Congratulations and happy birthday Ayane! 
Happy birthday? I'm condused
Says in the title that it’s also her birthday? 
Happy rebirthday!!
Question for you: Why did you pick the name Ayane? How is it pronounced? Is it an ethnic name?
Congrats girlfriend! 
Congrats girl! Truly inspiring! :) 
truth or dare
Tooth
I’m gonna assume truth,  what is the most personal secret you have?
Truth son
What really happened the last time you cried?
I'll take the plunge.  DARE!!
Call your mom and tell her your love her.
I dare you to bite a chunk of soap
God speed. 
Why not both 🙄
Come on people. Nothing I wont do.
Hmmm alright, I dare you to drink a cup of water from the toilet 
Oh shit I live with some roomates in India that is **not**  a good idea. I could die
“Nothing I won’t do” MMMMHMMMMMMMM, lmfao nah I’m reasonable, hmm snort a line of cinnamon 
Dont got cinnamon any subs?
Have you ever peed anywhere inside of your house BUT not in your toilet?
What Disney character have you fantasized about?
In which way? Liiikeee.... Sexually?
I'm a 470 pound gorilla. Poachers have been spotted in my area. I need ideas for escaping them.
I love your flair. 🌱
Poach
Poachers
Do people really do non-work stuff at work or is that a myth these days?
HCD!
The only reason I come to work is for the thrill of being on Reddit when I'm not supposed to.
Like some sort of Reddit kink? Danger Redditting!
I volunteer to litter pick parks around where I live so that kids don’t have to play around needles, broken glass and general litter.
If don’t understand the title
And you call yourself a spelling bee champion? You can’t even read lol
That's fucked up, good on you for doing something nice. What made you start? 
Do you do it with your hands? I doubt they say anything if the sort if you used gloves
what's your favorite one to two dollar candy product?
A whole bunch of ZOTS!!!!
these are totally new to me, but they look yummy
Those peaches and cream lollies. Freaking amazing. Dunno if you have them in 'Murica tho...
I don't believe so unfortunately :( but they sound delicious!
Have you ever been the movie theater by yourself?
Pacific rim: uprising
I'm a sucker for big mechas fighting monsters.
Had a binge in college of going to see movies every few days for couple months.
I enjoy seeing movies alone, especially on deal-days! Its a nice escape.  
Tuesday night is deal night by me 😂
Ditto! I used to make a habit of going, I need to again.
For the first time ever, I (22 male, extremely introvert) left my house and went out for a bite to eat!
Wut u ate
I live in Canada. I went to a little place called Hero Burger. I ate a hot dog. It was good! 
Does anyone want to be reddit pals?
I'm totally up for this! 
What is your go-to snack?
Honey-roasted almonds
Write your age as a chapter number followed by a chapter title of your choice..
Chapter 7: New Beginnings
Did a double take on this one.
Chapter 19: The New Low
If I gave you a hundred thousand dollars or pounds, whatever, what would you do with it?
Spend it unwisely.
build a business
Money money money
Invest it 
Cool
Pounds of what?  
*sigh*
Money.
Has anybody got a favourite alcoholic drink?
* Honey Bourbon and Coke
* Malibu and Pineapple Juice
Old fashioned
Blood and Sand cocktail
I've only ever had shantys, so that I guess 
Working, so quit bothering me.
What ya working on?!
Waiting to go get an MRI done. Nervous.
Well I hope the results will have nothing negative in them that will put you at concern.
I can’t stop thinking about April 23rd
That's my bday
Why will you lose your friends?
We aren't talking about it because there is practically nothing we can do.
Hello everyone, at school on break and bored, how are you?
I love Far Cry! What system are you playing on? I have yet to play it co-op with anyone :(
I’ve got it for the Xbox One, I haven’t played co-op either.
Let me know if you want a partner :)
Hey that’d be cool! I can buy gold again, my gamer tag is Quinnfucius if you wanna add me.
Horrible.
What’s going on?
They're putting my dog down today :'(
Be right back, I’m gonna go hug my dog. 
Is there anything simple I can do for you right now?
Could you scratch my back, please?
Can you tell me why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
Wish my niece a happy birthday! 
Tell me something good?
puppies are being born right now
You are awesome!
Tell me united are shite 
Keep being a good person (:
Does anyone here also enjoy listening to instrumentals?
i do enjoy a good game playlist of audio. some of the game soundtracks are unreal. 
I love listening to a hans Zimmer soundtrack Playlist while working. It's so relaxing. 
Also a fan of Hans Zimmer's works! Any particular favorites?
It's 2:48 in the morning and I just finished interstellar for the first time.
That movie was the wildest movie watching experience of my life. 
I was freaking out during the end because of how intense it was 
Me too. But I was way out of it and thought I got stuck in space. 
When I finished it I instantly thought, if I ever get the chance to go into space, don't 
I instantly thought I would never get out of space:(
Ah I can see where that could come. The movie made you seem like you were in it
No, I literally thought I was in it 
I don't feel like I belong anywhere
Maybe you're in need of some serious time with yourself. 
You play CS:GO, bud?
No sir, I'm an overwatch guy
Let's play truth or dare (possible NSFW)
Who was your fictional crush?
Keep it SFW, this is a casual sub :)
Y’all are some wusses. Gimme a dare. 
Post a pic of the weirdest item you can find in the room you're in. 
Truth. Can you even do a dare over the internet?
Its limited but I try to ask for picture proof. Who inspires you the most?
Nobody, really. How about you?
I'm a coward: truth. 
What bad movie do you enjoy
my friends think I'm nuts because I enjoyed rouge one
I thought it was good. 
Oh good I'm not the only one! 
Post a link to your most upvoted reddit post. 
What about you? Truth or dare?
How are you actually doing?
My girlfriend of 5 years recently left me but other then that I'm hanging in there. 
That sucks :(.
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
truth :-) this is a fun idea 
What was your dream job when you were a kid?
If you could do one thing with no consequence what would it be?
Truth. Also truth for you, what was the last thing you ate?
What is the proudest achievement of your life so far?
Do you have an arch enemy?
What's your favorite dairy based snack?
I dare you to post the sexiest picture of your celebrity crush. 
Why are people turning reddit into a generic social media site?
i agree, but not much we can do about it
You guys wanted FB to die and now complain that reddit turning into FB. 
Couldn't they all just leave the Internet forever? 
In my downtime while I wait for classes in college I enjoy people watching
As someone with social anxiety you are my mortal enemy. 
I want to know you random strangers
Watching gossip girl, while trying not to fall asleep 
I never actually watch Gossip girl...what is it about?
Oooo watch it. It’s like about rich teenagers and the shit they do in New York 
Lol sounds interesting if I had cable :( its good old Netflix and I!
Just sitting here.. chilling, you?
Anyone up for a game of 20 questions??
not super familiar but i’m guessing this is how it works
I’m from Bangladesh
how old are you?
Looks like you’ve got the right idea! 
I’m 26. 
What is your favourite food? 
yea sure why not. hit me up.
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (originally from Poland)
Wow! Interesting background, it’s your turn to ask one back now though 😉
Hi! I'm from Mexico,
What's on your left?
I'm from China.
What's your favourite McDonald's food item?
Statement game
•you are tired
•you are sad right now
* You still remember a nightmare you had last year
You have a guilty pleasure song, yes.
You like sour over sweet.
Oh that's a tough one... uhm... No
You rather be cold than hot
Definitely no
You prefer to have no wind over a slight breeze outside.
You have a bucket list
You acquired your dream job as a child.
You are a night owl
You like country music
I can so yes
You believed in Santa Claus
You have a crooked nose
You eat when you are sad
No... I don't like traveling at all
If you were an animal you would be a fish
That sure depends but yes
You like to take naps
Yes, love them
You believe in something
A lot of my friends pretend to like beer
How old are y'all?
My guess is young. 
What is the one song you get goosebumps when listening to?
Sing for the Moment - Eminem it's too relatable
Yeah I really like him too.
What's ur fav song from him 
Toy Soldiers or Mockingbird.
Nice picks. Love both. I prefer when I'm gone over mockingbird tho
I totally forgot about that one.. Didn't listen any of his songs for a while to be honest.
Have u heard his chloraseptic remix verse and caterpillar verses. They're 🔥 
Feel like talking? Tell me anything you'd like. I respond to everyone.
Wadu Hek?
See anything good latly?
Last movie i saw was infinity war. I might see predator and mr glass. U ?
Same with infinity war. I loved that movie “a quiet place” that movie was awsome
Ya didn't see that one. Any favorite old movies?
I feel sad fren 
can u cheers me up?
I can try. Why are you sad?
I got in a fight shortly after I left for the beach and never apologized
Well sounds like you know how to fix your sadness all by yourself. You dont even need me lol.
Tell Me Your Definition Of Love
Love is pure and complete honesty without anger, hate, jealousy, or possessiveness. 
Well there's gotta be anger at some point in a marriage...
I'm mad because the person with the account name I originally wanted doesn't do anything with it. What are you mad about today?
dude same &amp; people shit on me all the time for the ‘e’
Like, in Whiskey?? I thought that's how it is...
Someone took pancake and I'm salty.
/u/Eden hasn't posted in 11 years...
Get your shit together /u/Eden, use it or lose it!
The Orange Envelope
🤗 here ya go. Hope your day is filled with many more orange envelopes. 
Thank you spring chicken, you have made my current few minutes :D. 
I've honestly thought it was red this whole time. Orange makes a lot more sense though.
Yay, someone read something of mine.
I always get excited by it. 
Is very exciting. It means actual human beans want to speak to you.
feels real good
Here's another envelope! I like talking to strangers on the internet!
Just seeing the title, I didn't know what you were talking about. Now I'm sad.
I'm sorry :/
I sometimes do posts on reddit just for a notification😂I am very lonely
What is your favorite animal and why
Horses cause imo they're the only animal you can actually have a lotta fun with.
Giraffes because they just look so strange. Their necks are so goofy.
Baby Owls are simply adorable as hell .. 
Make me laugh and I’ll give you gold
What does a robot do after a one night stand? Nuts and bolts!
I fucking tried.
I like the simplicity...
How do you spell 'Shop' ..  S .. H .. O .. P  
What do you do at a green light?
Let's talk about anything!
Do you think Tommy’s mom is REALLY hot like I do?
I just woke up, got some new tea in the mail that I’m excited to try.
At the moment I am in my last year of high school. My m1in subjects are Latin and maths. 
What are m1in? (I’m from the US)
Ever hear Flower Boy by Tyler, The Creator?
No, I'm afraid I haven't.
hi, i remember you from teenagers new. hows it going?
It's going pretty well, I vaguely recognize your username. How's the sub doing?
it’s doing pretty good and there are a lot of new people
What’s your opinion on Lucy 
I don't know who you're talking about.
Where was the camp?
I accidentally deleted my memes off of my OneDrive, and I feel like a part of my soul is missing.
I feel like this is the single most first world thing I've ever read.
You had *15GB worth of memes...?*
*What* the FUCK
I am become Duke, the Dankest of Memers.
Hi there! Ask me questions and I'll give you an answer and a question in return.
What is your favorite food item?
What's the most fun thing you have ever done?
What about you? 
I just wanna thank everyone
Good grief, all of your postings are your ass, cock and balls!
Lmao what the fuck
Go look. I dare you.
I did before I wrote that comment 
LOL...surprised?
Bro I'm glad you've found a welcoming community here. :)
I just realize that no one else except people from the Midwest say ope
Not from the midwest. Never heard ope in my life. I like it.
hah it's pretty catchy
It has a very charming goof quality to it. 
charming goof describes the midwest very well :D
Does anyone here make their own music?
I released an EP back in May and I’m currently producing three EPs for other people :)
I'm currently working on a project. Made a few shitty songs so far.
John Denver’s “Take Me Home Country Roads” is in everything nowadays and it’s ridiculous.
it's a good ass song tho fr
Almost heaven, West Virginia...
Blue Ridge Mountains, Shenandoah River
Grandma's Feather Bed is a better track to me anyway .. 
My dirty little secret is that I don't like animals that much.
Don't worry people don't like you either. 
I love dogs, why wouldn't anyone? Loyal to the owners and protectors of the house
Rodents &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; dogs 
Anyone want to share something that they find beautiful?
Tommy’s mother
You want pics?
I'm good thanks lol
Trust me, it’s great 
Favorite youtuber?
Tom Scott
I think I've heard of hm but what's his content like?
SSoHPKC, I shall await his return ad long as I have too. 
How long has he been gone?
Pewdiepie
SNIPERWOLF
... Myself
Haha what kinda videos do you make or it just a joke?
Styxhexenhammer666 
Lovelyti2002
What's something you're passionate about that no one seems to care about?
Films and discussing them after.So I go on talking at random.
Do you like inception?
My bad dragon collection
I've invented a new word: Bailure
🅱️ailure
🅱️ailure 
🅱ailure 
It's easy to forget that people IRL don't generally get internet humor.
that sounds awkward 
My entire life is awkward.
my entire life is depressing.
Our lives should get married 
trust me you don't wanna be near my life lol
My life doesn't want to be near my life. 
*crickets*
damn, i woulda laughed at that.  goddamn office workers and their uptight office personalities
It’s great when you have friends that *get it* but when people don’t... the day tends to drag.
I make John Mulaney references all the time and no one gets them. 
but,er uh um we are all people in real life...... unless you're all A.I's
I that's not internet humor, I thought you were going to bring up a meme or something.
Do you drink coffee in the morning?
Never liked coffee, I'm a tea drinker.
breathing. drinking coffee. cheese.
all essentials to living for me.
oh, what kind of cheese?
At work for another 6 hours. What’s everyone else up to?
Waiting for the Nordstrom anniversary sale to begin so that I can buy what I want and go sleep
Little bit tipsy, trying to make cheesy potatos. You don't understand how bad I want these
Your comment just made me get up and make a very cheesy potato. Thank you for the inspiration.
Just got home from an evening walk; eating pie. Bedtime soon and work tomorrow
I like your priorities. What type of pie?
Dropped my bf off after having him over for the first time :)
I’m almost scared to ask but how’d it go? 😂
What simple/mundane things make you happy?
I had some whole wheat cream of wheat with maple syrup on it. That made me happy.
Man, now I need to up my cream of wheat game. That sounds good!
Just the right combination of carbs for sleep.
Taking a walk in a quiet and lonely place
That is a really nice feeling, especially when you're surrounded by nature.
Swing sets at night, listening to music. 
Anyone else tired all the time?
I'm tired all the time too. Could be a vitamin deficiency
That's actually a super good idea. I'll start taking a multivitamin or something.
Got anything you wanta talk about? Or just want to rant? Feel free to tell me anything.
I really, really, *really* fucking hate my ex
I am now a Certified Firefighter
How much do firefighters make? I always assumed it was above janitor but below doctor.
Congratulations! so instead of a cape you wear a....hat?
more like a helmet
Which dead singer would you bring back to life?
Chris Cornell 
I second Freddie Mercury 
Who's first?
You
Michael Jackson. He was such a sweet soul. 
Eazy muthaphuckin E .. 
I'm an Uber driver and I nicknamed my phone Karen
I nicknamed my phone navi, there's no one i love to say shut the hell up to more than navi haha
mines called send nudes now I get weird shit air dropped to me sometimes
Risky game, friend. 
Well, hello.
What was your first experience with the internet like?
Rotten.com
Cool. So I'm getting married.
She Indian, bro?
No, she's super American. Black. Well, bi-racial (mixed black/white). We gon' make some mutts! 
I just passed the driving test!
This sounds like the Dutch drivers training process, am I right? 
Haha no
I failed the parking part of mine the first time. It was so stressful!
I think the parking part is difficult so I practiced very hard on it. 
Yes, it is. Thankfully I passed eventually but I waited far too long to finally get my license.
It doesn’t matter as long as you get it~ 
I worked security at a Kesha/Macklemore show tonight
Did Kesha perform her new music or just the old stuff that we actually like? 
How many shows have you worked at?
Lol macklemore is nobody just some random guy stop acting like hes a god or somerthing lmao.
At the DTE? 
It’s just DTE, not “the DTE”
was Janelle there with the feather in her hair?!?
I got accepted to culinary school
Omg I'm crying
Don't cry
Please make another post telling your story,from start and till this moments please 
Congrats to you!! We'll expect pics &amp; updates. 
No problem, if you bring nachos you get a free meal if I ever open a restaurant
Thank you
Congratulations Chef 
Am I jon favreau now
Loool  how’s your acting :)
I'd say pretty decent
Awesome so now I will add actor/actress to your bio 
Add it to the resume
Done and done 
Wishing you the absolute best on your culinary journey 
What are you're top 5 TV shows of all time?
No order; vikings, Rick and morty, trailer park boys, the Simpsons, creepy Canada?
I love trailer park boys (: 
I’ll recommend you three songs!
I love classical piano pieces, but I'm also open to full orchestra stuff. Got anything good? 
I need something to listen to while thinking of the good old days between 2 AM and 6 AM, please.
I'm 19 I have aspergers and wrote a poem about autism!
I feel like this is a rap song hahaha 
Rap is basically just poetry
Travelling changed my life and I will never regret it
Money wise it just doesn't make sense my guy 
Money doesn't necessarily mean happy though. 
I pushed past my comfort zone last night and this morning I’m happier than I’ve been in a long time.
Dude i have been doing this to recently, its feels fuckin great facing the uncomfertable
Music Recommendations?
Can you handle screaming? There’s a lot of pop punk that you might like if so. 
How much screaming....?
Some. Like maybe 1 verse. 
but is it like screamo or ... the Offspring?
I could use a friend right now.
im not interested.
How can I Stop Overthinking Things?
Learn to meditate, do some yoga.
Tap some bong.
If you won the lottery, what would be the first three things you did with your winnings?
Probably more tea/ teaware and a place to hold it all 
Username checks out. 
Pay Bills
Pay for college
Buy my parents a house
What would you go to college for?
Im currently attending so I would pay off my loans
What do you think other people think about you?
Apparently someone else on this site said I was pretty cool. That made me happy!
If you could have any super power, what would that be?
To feel happy everyday 
It's a bird, it's a plane, it's Not Depressed Man!
it really breaks my heart when someone glows up (gets hot) and suddenly change
Times change. its nothing personal
Haters gonna hate
What are some important qualities that you want for your SO?
I've never had one, so I don't really know. 
Do you want one?
Curiousity about the world is super sexy. Someone who asks really good questions. 
So was my question a really good question? Did I mention I’m single 😘
My puppy gets jealous of my girlfriend.
Seems like theres a clear winner
An adorable competition!
She’s a sneaky little devil
Sounds like a good problem to have. 
I can't stop using Old Reddit
I still haven't even seen New Reddit. 
Okay, why?
Is anyone else attracted to people considered unattractive or geeky/awkward?
you re never the only one pal word is huge you know
I guess so, people just make me feel bad about it I guess
people are dumb, dont you listen to them
But then, why'd we listen to you *heavy thinking*
i aint human dont worry
Oh, well Sorry then! Didn't know the Lizards were here too.
*puts on aluminium hat*
*runs away*
Hot and geeky are two very different catigories that can overlap in many ways. 
I’m not really into them if they’re hot tho...
Eh, I'm an unattractive, awkward nerd, but my personality is also garbage. 
thanks I needed this
Well I hope I find someone like you do I don't die alone haha
You probably won’t 
I think it is odd that people take things that they do not own.
What's even odder is that there's a subreddit dedicated to shoplifting, makes me sick.
It’s been banned by the admins
And yet counterfeiting subs continue to thrive
What is your unpopular opinion that does NOT involve politics, religion, the LGBT community, and mental disorders?
Im not a fan of the lord of the rings films.
Ditto *takes cover from lord of the rings fans*
Am I Ditto in this situation?
Avatar is an objectively bad film and it is a travesty that sequels are being planned.
I don't like dogs.
Cats?
I don’t like Disney movies. 
Same. I usually don’t say that because people freak out, but I just don’t understand the hype.
Screw science, tomato's are not and will never be considered in my mind, a fruit
Seems like a noble cause. #screwscience #proveg #flatearth /s
What's with the second hashtag
Pro vegetable #screwfruit #grapefruit
\#disregardfemales #acquirecurrency
Your right why do we need females when we can screw fruit #fruit&gt;females
Yeah. Let's screw pineapples. 
But we need pineapples for pizza
We are just screwing the middle so the juicy parts are still left #useprotection 
Have you considered screwing a cactus?
No. Should i? Is it a fruit? 
Tomatoes = Fruitn't
Is this a new meme i keep seeing it everywhere. 
Pickles are disgusting and so are hot dogs 
What about other phallic shaped foods like bananas and cucumbers? 
Mayonnaise is the best condiment and Nutella isn’t all that great. 
Don't like Harry Potter despite being into a lot of geek stuff.
Speakers are miles better than head/earphones. 
There is no such thing as free will.
I have a right to die.
But when you want to die, are you in the correct mindset to make a good choice?
In fact I'm probably in a better mindset than most others.
Check your HALT.
Hungry?  Angry?  Lonely?  Tired?  Correct each and re-scan.
None of those are a problem for me.
That I dislike shows like Family Guy, the Simpsons, etc.
The best pizza toppings is pineapple and jalapeno.
I think most of Reddit’s cynicism is entirely misguided. 
Coffee and tea sucks and so does bacon and doughnuts
Rolls of toilet paper should all come without the stupid cardboard tube.
Take it out and use it. See if you feel the same after. 
I just bought a whole pack of tubeless tp. It's fabulous
I love my boyfriend!!!!
Boooo! Lucky lovey dovey couple.... Lol Breakfast without asking for it is always a bonus. 
I simply do not belong in this thread. 
Posts like this make me both happy and sad.
What are you making for dinner tonight?
3 bricks of ramen
i haaatee cooking. i wish i liked it.
I have my moments where I hate it. It takes time and patience. 
I'd prefer others to cook for me, whether it be homemade or take out
Under 200 pounds today for the first time in TWENTY YEARS!
Congrats! Don't forget being physically active too. 
Very well done! I'm trying to get to about 160, but it's really hard. 
I just ate an orange in the shower and it really is the best thing ever.
Idk bout oranges but I've eaten bacon in the shower..
r/ShowerOrange
Also try a shower beer, it’s the greatest. No glass!
What are you a geek about?
Grey's Anatomy, for sure!
Interesting. I don't know anything about that.
I can go on and on about it for hours! Hahaha
That's like me with Star Wars lol.
What's the best compliment you've ever received?
A model told me I was a beautiful man. 
I'm sure you're a beautiful man
Just want to talk to y'all.
Just got back from the gym nothing more to do in this boring as hell summer.
I really hate summer, I can't stand the sun and the heat :/
Tbf the eating chocolate part of your post doesnt sound all that bad lol i munching on some rn
The only problem is that I'm too lady to get up and get it hahaha
Tell me about your music tastes!
phonk, shoegaze, math rock
Cool. Favourite Shoegaze bands?
Watching Adventure Time
I never got into it, but I've heard great things about it.
It's really funny, it's like DND on drugs
I probably would like it if I ever gave it a try.
Adventure Time fan for life
Awesome! This show us crazy. DND on drugs
Whats everyone doing tonight?
Drunk and on reddit. I have randomly been looking up concerts dates for band for some reasons. 
So... I've been a Redditor for 10 years now today.. I've literally visited this site nearly every day for the past 10 years.
jackwagon. nice.
I am having one of those nights right now...
Thanks for giving me a little light.
7 years and I’ll be you... except the black part... and the woman part. 
Dear god it’s a sob story
Dear god you're comment is unnecessary 
Read then first 4 lines to know I don't care what you have to say
Aww damn man I'm crying now wow.
Wait, is that what the cake means? Is it my reddit birthday too?
YES IT IS!!!! Happy Cakeday!! We're Reddit twinsies! 
Me three!!!
Hey its also my cakeday today!!
Just one more day for mine, I am SUPER pumped.
You get a car! And you get a cake!
You can Google when is my cake day and it will actually tell you how to find out.
Happy cake day
Woah, what the fuck
Do you remember the Jenny saga?
I'm a great fan of middle aged black women myself ^^
   Y,s  .  H      v
Sooooo.... When does the narwhale bacon? 
The Narwahl Bacons at MIDNIGHT!!! 
Also: I am a woman 
How is  that even relevant?!
I now have $1,500 in my bank account
You have to pay back Student loans in the US? 
What do you hate most in comment chains
Humans.
Well that’s a given
And you.
Favorite music genres?
Heavy fuckin' metal, mate. Every genre of it.
Metal, 80s pop
70s punk, Glam metal, heavy metal.
Punk rock, metal, and whatever genre Gorillaz is. 
Hi everyone! How will you be spending your Friday night?
For once a quiet night on a Friday feels weird 😂
Do you usually go out?
Usually for drinks and that.
Ah gotcha. Go out to the bar with some friends typically?
Yeah bar, pub or club with colleagues/friends.
I'm blasting music in my headphones and drink a few bears 
Applying to jobs, shaving for work tomorrow, and some online course work. Thrilling, I know. 
Playing Age of Empires. I'm playing right now at 4AM Sat. I really need to sleep.
Wow where do you live? It’s 7pm here
Drunk alone and hopefully not crying
Same here I feel you buddy
Doubt it.
Well damn bud sorry 
No ure not u fake shir
I'm a very morbid secretary.
Anyone else like to go through a drive through then just go park in the parking lot and eat your food?
All the time!  Wendy’s is my fave but their dining areas are always disgusting.
Whenever I go to a McDonald’s it’s late at night and always quiet 
Used to but now my car is so nice I don't want to fuck up the seats. First world problem.
What are your indoor/one person weekend plans?
Survive Friday the 13th first... 
Videogames, and anime
Binge eat.
Study.
Video games.
Maybe, just maybe....clean and go to the gym.
Going to a carnival!
Do you ever just walk by a 10/10 on the street then get upset that you wont see or talk to them ever again
Doesn't bother me since I never had a chance to begin with 
I like to think i do, which probably has its downsides.
Lol I'd fail with a 5, yet alone a 10
knowing your league i see
You can never see the snakes in their brain right away. There are no 10/10. 
gross attitude. don't rate girls by numbers.
Settle down, 4
you have literally no idea what i look like 
No I don't, and what I said was mean. Sorry
Take your chances, it's how I ended up married. Turns out, we're team awesome super cool.
I have a gf, but solid advice nevertheless.
Your comment made me realize that what i said sounded weird. Edited it now.
What were your thoughts upon seeing her? 
I put my music library on shuffle...
Robert Miles' Children. 
The beat, the bass makes me want to crank up the volume. 
I was around when this song first came out. Loved it then and still love it now.
I literally just downloaded this, this morning xD
What do you play it on? 
First Date by Blink 182. It always brings back some crazy memories that instantly change my mood
I didn't like them at first but in the past 10 years I've come to love this band!
Dance yrself clean- LCD Soundsystem. When it hits that 3 minute mark I can't help but smile
I want you back by the Jackson 5. Something in Michaels schild voice just cheers me up
Cough Syrup by Young the Giant, its the song that I can belt out with no regrets.
Daft Punk! Good taste
“Ocean” by John Butler
Darryll and Oates usually puts me in the greatest mood! Either Maneater or Rich Girl!
I love vegetables. So much.
I eat steamed broccoli three times a day. And then I smoke 🥦 a couple times a week. 
Yeah, what uhh... The fuck?
is there anything wrong with vegetables 
No it's just the pillow
I fr\*cking love spinach
I love African Sweet Potato, Zimbabwean Cucumber and Zucchini. 
Drooling as I think about them 
Never heard of the first two, care to teach me?
I'm tipsy and feeling super friendly!
Please write a haiku about the moon.
Light that shines in dark
Tidal control, and beauty 
Beacon in the night 
Was it alright?
Watching Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory so my night it pretty good. 
Bought a fanny pack today! Would love to hear a haiku about that :)
Write a haiku about trade wars
Chillin', watching futurama. What are you doing right now?
About to go watch one of my favorite shows, The Dead Files. Ever heard of it? 
Ahhh i think so. Im right in front of hulu so i can look it up. I like stuff like that.
It's really the only paranormal show I'm interested in. It'll be worth a watch 
Ill check it out 😁
Waiting for my driving lesson to start while aimlessly browsing reddit 
Oh wow where are you located? If you dont mind. It's like 10 pm here. 
Singapore,it's almost 11am here
Oh ok, nice. Good luck on your test!
Just ate some salmon and now I’m brewing up some tea
What a fancy night! Now i want some.
What's your favorite breakfast splurge?
Leftover pizza and a beer.
Soup. I ate soup for breakfast every day when I was in China, I miss it :( 
What would your dream life look like?
Not being so empty.
A life less frightening.
thursdayy is a day of five-ay q's-ay
1)Guess so
2)Eyes I guess
3)Pizza 
4)I really hope it is
5)Not really 
everything alright?
It's ok,pretty boring week tbh
aw shucks that's no fun!
I highly recommend having a penpal
If I did that my fiance would kill me, haha!
Why? Trust issues?
Pretty much.
So when are y’all getting married? 
I second this question 
I third
Penpals are great! I used to have one when I was in elementary school but we lost touch 🙁
Ok this is personal, but do you like her as more than a friend?
welp, sounds to me like you got a crush on her
If you want to know more, I can DM you? :)
Anyone wants to be mine? 
I'm interested.
Isn’t that what commenting on Reddit is?
I want a penpal. :(
Someone else posted above, check out r/penpals!  
This is so cute :) Dude, anyone want a pen pal? 
I met my best friend through tumblr and flew to meet her 4 years later!
Curious.  Your ages?
If you were arrested with no explanation, what would your friends and family assume you had done?
Murdered my husband or public nudity. 
Are you my wife?
Nope. You're safe lol. 
Because you already killed him?
He's very much still alive lol. 
sensational
Hey, what do you think of the name Olivia?
Pretty into Indie music and such. 
I wanna know what this such entails
Annoying but somewhat cute. 
Olive Oil
O love ya too
I love the name, mostly because of my favorite actress, Olivia de Havilland
I looked up this actress very excited and the second autofill was death soooooo
I'm in a very strange argument. How do you say bagel?
bay-gull
Bay-gull. However - my dad pronounced it bag-gull. Like a shopping bag + gull. Wtf.
Huh. Cool. What region do you live in, if you don't mind me asking?
What Are Some Good Movies Worth Watching?
Have you seen any Studio Ghibli movies? 
I have seen Totoro but that is it.
If you have a bf/gf/so, how did you meet them?
On MSN measenger 11 years ago. For real.
haha, I'm going to die alone
Online video gaming, 8000miles and two countries apart. We just got married!
Holy cow, that's awesome. That's like a dream way to meet someone.
Just because I am gay does not mean I cannot be a good parent
Tell them that most gay kids are raised by straight parents. 
They would just get flustered and then angrily walk away. 
Did you really want to talk to someone that’s obviously homophobic anyway
I just want to brag about my family.
Wait 25f and 12m? Is he adopted?
He is.
I've just had my first conversation with a group of American girls...
Maybe you can all keep contact and chat online 😊
They even said we could visit, I think one lives in New Jersey
New Jersey huh?
Good luck friend.
&gt; I think one lives in New Jersey 
Oh.....
You've never spoken to an American before?
What part of England are you from?
You have three days, you know what you need to do. 
I wish I could thank my lunch lady from high school
Lunch ladies are angels. Real talk. No joke.
I just realized the male equivalent would necessarily be called Lunch Gentlemen.
I prefer Lunch Lord.
How is your life different right now vs a year ago?
I was happier
Did your circumstances change, or are most things the same and you feel differently? 
The woman i loved slept with another man
I got a different job and a new car in the last year, but that's about it.
I haven't thought about killing myself in over a year.
I appreciate the post OP 
Lol wish I could relate. Last time I thought about it was today.
I hadn’t thought about it for a week until I read this post
Cross country road trip. (Usa)
Brown eyes are beautiful!
we...  
thank you! =D
You’re welcome :)
where did you grew up?
I love Wikipedia
Sometimes, I bounce around using the random page link. 
YSK: You can download all of Wikipedia.
And it's banned in turkey
That fucking sucks. Can you VPN around it?
Yes, like I'm doing right now because imgur and i.reddit is banned too
Community Conversation: Blue
I love the song blue. I even have blue hair!
I had blue hair last summer! it was really fun!
Royal blue is the best blue. Throw in a splash of orange and you've got something special. :)
Isn't Royal Blued the band that plays Figure it Out and Out of the Black?
I think it's Royal Blood. Great music btw! 
My parents are finally supporting my hobbies.
Wait homie you’re 20 and still need mommy to LET you get a bigger fish tank? 
Quick! Tell me what you’re most passionate about!
THINGS! ALL THE THINGS!
Realistically, i do quite like putting things together and such. 
Oh wow, what kind of things?!
Have you ever gone to the movies by yourself?
Since I entitled into the university, always alone. 
When I started using reddit 5+ years ago, I would randomly friend people on reddit just to see if I would ever see them around the website. Every time I see the orange highlighted user name it gives me a little smile.
would you mind if i friended you?
Friend me!! I'll friend you back!
Only options I get by clicking 3 dots are :
Send message
Start a chat 
Same here. :/ 
You have to have the old account layout!
FML...I still can't find it. I even tried logging in using the chrome browser. :/ :( 
Can someone friend me :) I have a old popular post
TIL you can friends people on reddit
Doing op now 
Feel free to friend me!
Op I need friends 
Me too! Be my friend? 
Yes why not! 
What's the weird thing that you eat or drink?
I eat pickled pigs feet. My husband won't let me eat them in the house though.. lol
Laphroaig with a raw whole egg
What is laphroaig?
Baked pumpkin seeds. 
Tomato slices with salt and pepper
Or
Raw peaches with blue cheese dressing 
I saw a different side of my Dad today.
This is super cool and congrats on beginning to build a relationship with your dad! 
I sometimes feel bad for the comments that are downvoted for no real reason, so I upvote them to make their day a little better
I am glad I am not the only one.
I'm glad to hear it too! The more positivity the better :D 
Same! I do this too ☺️☺️. I’m so glad other people do it as well!
Woah, a person with a heart, I thought this species was extinct
I just want to know why mine get down voted when they do.
Serving in the Army
Anything close to nature and animals, with the least human interaction required.
Which decade produced the best music, and which decade produced the worst?
Most of the stuff I like is from the 90s.
As for worst, I'm not entirely sure.
worst is currently happening. damn mumble rap.
What types of music are you guys in to?
Strongly recommend you listen to Highly Suspect if you don't know them already!
Just this morning ive gone from acoustic covers to the beatles bob dylan stone sour so
I do that sometimes too, just jump around
You ever wanna just be alone but not FEEL alone?
Watch Bojack. They talk about that kind of thing on there.
Anyone else find it impossible to play an evil character in rpgs?
Basically every time I start a new game on Fallout New Vegas
Anyone else wish they were born into another decade?
Yeah same here, but a little earlier than the 80's
“i wAS boRn iN thE wrONG gEnerAtiOn”
Why comment like that? Deliberately breaking rules (saw one about not using random caps)?
lmao i’m sorry it was an old meme, i didn’t mean it directly towards your post. so sorry
Don't need to apologise; didn't know it was a meme.
I just ate the juiciest apple of my entire life.
Blackberries. And donuts. Both were juicy.
i would attack the receptionist for a donut right about now
Today is our 1st annual family reunion! We hired a taco truck.
I feel bloated.
#tacolyfe
I'm hungry :(
What kind of apple was it?
I'm new to Reddit!
Go to preferences and turn on the option that allows you to view posts that are NSFW
What kind of interests do ya have?
Get out while you still can
What shows are you watching right now?
Harlots on Hulu
How’s everyone’s Fourth of July going?
Chilling. Playing some Rocket League and listening to some Less Than Jake.
Same here with RL brother, what rank are you?
Never heard beer referred to as “Freedom juice.” So, that’s new. 
It’s only called that on the fourth, Memorial Day, and Veterans Day :)
I think I’ve only heard “dancing juice” thanks to Mr. Bruno Mars. 💃🏽 
How to Reddit?
We don't use hashtags here. I did that my first day and proceeded to get bombarded with insults.
I shall provide one upvote for others to see and downvote 
I dont understand what you mean by saying this? Im sorry :(
#LOL(Also: *relax*, people.)
\#LOL
Infinite IQ required to post that
PoundsignLOL
tic tac toe LOL
Lattice Method LOL
OctothorpLOL
SharpLOL
#LOL
#Lol
#LMAO
#test
#Does it work?
##
### FUCK YA IT DOES
##yes?
But how?
##likethis
#This
###this
###thanks
##keeptrying
*I can't*
#Yeah sorry about that, I wanted to do that too. Don't mind me. 
#lol
##LOL
Don’t use emoji
🤔 No.
#yeet
##LMAO
Don't advertise being a woman.  
That would be a good start.
Don't let anyone know your female and 25! 13 year olds will PM you dicks!
Independence Day Megathread
We have to stay home, it's raining all day where we are :(
Ah man, that sucks! Do you have any plans to make up for this?
I cursed for the first time yesterday.
There is no God Summer, might as well rip that band aid off and be done with it. 
Just got a tattoo so I can’t go swimming tomorrow / what are YOU doing tomorrow?
I can't go swimming because I'm in Alaska and it's like 70° max tomorrow. 
It's been 10+ years since my last cigarette.
......18 years, 6 months, 3 days.....
That's impressive! Not only you stopped but also have the date! Awesome! Keep it up!
Anything popular that you just couldn't get into?
Long and boring tv-series of all sorts. Nothing really happens for hours of screen time.
Frickin Pokémon 
Tell me something interesting about yourself!
It’s my birthday!
Happy birthday! Doing anything special?
Hope i'm not too late - happy birthday!
I'm colour blind.
 I'm chainsaw certified. I was trained how to cut trees in Americorps.
How was your Americorps experience overall?
I'm having the best time of my life
I am happy for you. Keep up moving forward i hope things continue going the best way.
Thanks for he great reminder. It’s easy to get stuck in a rut. 
What is it you desire?
To be dead already.
Because i think life is meaningless and pointless and surviving takes too much bs.
So you are in constant agony? 
Physical agony?
So it's mostly mental agony then?
Well, in that case, there is hope. There are treatments. 
For coping with existence?
Define existence. 
Merely having conciosness in this world
So you dislike what your surroundings present to your conscience? 
You edgy or something?
idk what you mean.
Lots of money with little effort
What are your knee jerk assumptions about the following 5 things?
useless and a waste of time
right before July 4 - what better way than to answer 5 q's?
1)Why not?
2)
you don't have the day off?
Waiting to enter university,so technically I'm free daily
What’s up today?
Drinking alone at my house because its my birthday ._.
Good Rocket League games bud
Thanks for keeping me company 
I get off work in about an hour and a half if you want o play some more
How is everyone’s day going?
Shitty day lol
I'm hung up on someone I shouldn't be but I'm here to forget
I changed my own radiator today rather than pay 700 dollars to have a shop do it. I'm feeling pretty good about myself right now. What are your personal victories today?
Umm I won a game of Fortnite.
Be sure to post that on your tinder profile! I kid, I haven't won a game yet myself.
Tell me your ways, Sensei. 
you must learn the ways of the bush, young one.
I hate working out but I went on a 4.3 mile hike with family today!
I made some bomb ass short rib tacos
I got my strimmer working 
I got out of bed before noon. I have Fibromyalgia and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Yay me! 
I'm not even out of bed yet 
That’s okay too. 
I bought a tiny aquarium.
How small are we talking? Also I think there's a subreddit for aquarium havers. 
i made a rhubarb pie
Strawberry rhubarb or just plain rhubarb?
I started wearing my grandma’s engagement ring, and strangers are treating me.....really nicely.
What do you think would happen, if I started wearing a wedding band as a dude?
So if everyone wore engagement rings, everyone would be more polite to each other! 
But then no one would get laid :(
Are you Israeli ?
How do you 'treat yourself'?
A carmel frappacino with extra carmel sauce
I just got tim horton's tonight to cheer me up! I agree, sugar helps sometimes haha
I don't have Tim Hortons here in California. Anyway knock knock
Who's there? 👀
Top o' 
Hey everyone. How long have you been single for?
I'd say about a year.
Was it a clean breakup? 
What are some guilty pleasures you have?
Fanfiction I know it's ridiculous but I still love reading it. 
I still write it when I have the time, don't feel ridiculous :]
I like to vandalize public and private property. Mostly with sharpies and oil paint markers.
Does anyone else get mistaken for being significantly younger than they truly are?
I'm 32 and have a beard and people still think I'm 22 for some reason.
I just finished The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild yesterday, after 125 hours.
I want to get a Nintendo Switch just that I could play this game. It does look really amazing.
Been grinding away at rocket league like always
Witcher 3, again. It is just magical for me
Witcher 3 is sadly in my digital library folder on my PS4. I should get around to playing it.
Zero Escape: The Nonary Games. It was cheap on Steam and i have heard glowing reports.
Video Game Music is Amazing
Megaman and Castlevania. Man I love listening to covers.
Talk to me, baby.
Ya yeet send nudes lmao 😂😭😭😍👌👌🍑🍑
Wtf is yeet? Why don't I know what yeet is? 
Yeeeeeeeeeeeet
WHAT DOES THIS EVEN MEAN 
YeeeeeEEEEEeeeeEEeSEEeEEet
Still bored?
Who’s up?
i'm up. just subscribed to ESPN+
20 questions? Let’s do it.
You first! 😜
Alright, is it a place/person/animal or a thing?
Place. When?
Now. Is it in Europe/North America/South America/Asia/Africa/Pacific or Antarctica?
Europe - Why?
I'm up, and I'm also down for questions.
Okay! - ASL?
My year: quit benzodiazepines/opiates, confronted my mental health through weekly therapy and psychiatry appointments, weekly mindfulness and meditation classes, and dieting from 260lb to 215lb. Today I was accepted at a great university after being on a medical leave of absence for several years.
Wow. What a year for you! I hope the good luck continues.
Thank you. Hope you’re doin alright :) 
Any issues quitting the benzos? I cold turkeyed a while ago and still having symptoms. 
My boyfriend's dad asked about my self-harm scars today
Get a tattoo
For the dad?
Eyyo. Anyone can keep me company to pull an all nighter
Hey man I’m still up 
It's 1 in the afternoon where i am and i can talk in a bit
Oh damn. Nice. Over here it’s like 3 am
Almost through the night! You got this, don't fall asleep!
Sleep lol
Lmao but I don’t want to and I can’t atm
I’m in the same situation tbh I can’t be a hypocrite 
Saw a dude being awesome this morning and it made my day.
What is a devil horn gesture? Sounds like a terrible thing to give. And he liked it?
This is my first time on Reddit and I'm terrified.
Shhhh, don’t panic. 
A few days ago, a girl on the bus that I didn't recognize gave me a very warm smile.
Maybe you’re just too goddamned good looking to forget!
Aah, made my day.
r/PointlessStories/
This is beautiful 
yesss friday!! 5 q's yay!
1)Depends 
odd today a little lol
What's something that's making you happy today?
It's my day off!
Hell yeah! Any plans for the day? Watching netflix in your jammies is valid.
I wouldn't know until it and if it actually happened 
What’s something you did recently that you’re proud of?
I've got nothing worth bragging about, lol
What about anything that interested you lately?
I won HQ trivia for the first time ever today!
I’m so lucky
I can't believe I'm jealous of a 6 year old. Happy birthday to him though!
You won your son the best console on the market. Great job. I'm sure he'll love it.
Is it that good? Do you recommend any games, either for him (6) or me (35)?
This actually makes me so happy
I like to draw people's pets! Send me your pet pics and I'll try my bestest!
Sure, tell me your account name and I’ll give a follow!
What can't you stop thinking about right now?
How much money I wasted and awesome cars I got rid of for dumb reasons.
It's called growing up.
My dog getting put down in a couple hours
I am so sorry. I went through that a few months ago. It’s tough. Internet stranger hugs to you. 
Getting off work...
I did the same thing the whole day :))
Two more hours... Then I'm free!
My girlfriend 
This movie I’m watching tomorrow and getting Dunkin’ Donuts in Saturday 
1. What??
2. I don’t mind anything people wear
3. Mmmm coffee
4. *rolls eyes*
5. Yuck
I love the combination of answer #2 and #4.
I’m afraid I may lose the farm.
who did you vote for in the last presidential election?
What are ya'll having for breakfast?
I skip breakfast because I prefer sleep. Do you feel better now? :P
Idk man. All this cheese might make me feel constipated later on today.
Idk man, I think that's better than skipping breakfast :P
You say that, until it feels like your droppings are gonna come out the other way.
Good heavens. Go eat some fibre man XD
But that involves getting up.
You don't need to put on pants to eat fibre. If anything that makes it harder.
You got me there. I'm gonna fuck myself up a banana.
I usually have a protein shake but he was running late today and couldn't give me one!😉
Pasta, but like the kind for kids with fun shapes. No shame
Pokemon mac n cheese used to be my jam back in the day.
See, that's the way to live!
I didn't sleep last night... coffee for breakfast!
Hell yeah. Coffee is super delicious.
Favorite part of the day. I've got this awesome coffee that tastes like chocolate too
I just had some cereal at the hotel I work for
toasted pitta with cheese and black seed oil.
I had some twix 
You know the wrapper is transparent right? You can see through it if you hold it up to a light. 
i had yogurt and a pear
Coffee and a cigarette. I don't really eat breakfast anymore, for IF and calorie counting. 
Had only toast and marmite because I had to rush put quick! 
A filling put in my root canal
How's that taste?
My love made French toast!!! And we had coffee like we usually do.
How are you feeling, right now?
Smooth.
How so, if I may ask?  :)
I'm friction free.
I try to never fight the flow of life.
Are you referring to the tao or the physics theory of the flow?  
Tired
Why tired, if I may ask? :)
I helped my colleges induction  day giving directions etc yesterday and I'm helping again today
I’m feeling hopeful for the future
Wet. Very wet.
Agitated
Why agitated, if I may ask? :)
Podcasts you like?
Ear Biscuits
I reeeeeallllyyyyy need more information.
What’s the meaning behind your username?
I like Sweaters and Shawarmas 
Kawaii is Japanese for cute.  BBC is for, I'll let you figure that out
im 20 turning 21
Why Swear?
I suggest falafel balls  
Speaking of those, I have some in my freezer haha. 
I’m just bored and want to chat... 👩🏼‍🎤
I think my internal organs are melting.
oh my. try drinking some water 
I have been drinking lots of water all day. How do humans deal with this everyday?
hmm i dunno. is it The Week Of Hell?
I think maybe my house is on fire.
then why are you drinking your water when you could be using it to put out the fire???
I hardly think a glass of water is sufficient to put out a house fire.
then getter a bigger glass, my lad
A glass as big as a house? Is that what you are suggesting?
...maybe
I would start by pa king ice cubes up your ass
*goes to gather ice cubes* Hey, wait a minute...............
Ouch... Ouch... Just do an ice water enema if you gonna be doin all that... 
That would be horrible. Ice water up your ass. Thats way worse.
Pick 1 lyric quote from 1 music and tell me why you picked it
Call me Mr Flintstone, I can make your bed rock
It's pure Shakespearean genius writing 
From ?
Money, so they say, is the root of all evil tooooday - Pink Floyd
Because it's true
How do you cope with the heat?
It’s 12 degrees tonight down here in East Anglia. We’re lucky.
Leave a comment about your day and I'll give you a song to listen to!
I've spent my day applying to jobs. Doing my best to stay optimistic about it, but it's hard.
We're Gonna Die by AJJ 
Did nothing interesting today, i spent most of my day in home.
Toothless Hawkins (And His Robot Jazz Band) by Varien 
I had a BBQ at school today, and I'm helping a guy with his relationship. Great day!
Learned how to say hello (Salut) and let's go (Allons-y) in French. 
Foux Du Fafa by Flight of the Choncords 
Listening to it right now. It's not really my style.
People are shit and i need strength for me to face the world.
I just witnessed a little girl who tried to kick a cat but missed, tripped over, and started crying. There is a little justice in the world.
The poor cat. What did it ever do to deserve that kind of treatment?
Nothing. But it's not uncommon here. ☹️
East Africa
Do you guys speak Swahili? 
Yeah, I'm learning. Do you speak?
Yup, a bit, habari yako? 
Poa tu. Habari za nyumbani? Unajifunza wapi?
and this little justice in the world, aims a little girl instead of far worse people? uh...
Justice with just enough power to trip over a child...
How often do you guys use upvotes?
I'd like to know why people hand out downvotes so willy nilly
If it has a cat in it, it gets an upvote. 
Enjoy your upvote. 
Sometimes I'm like Oprah. You get upvote, you get upvote, you get upvote
I either upvote like its going out of style or not at all, there's no in between.
Sleep. Best part of many days.
Going back to university and using my kayak
It's Pride Month in the US. How do you identify?
Straight trans man
Homoromantic asexual checkin’ in.
hiiiiiiii
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
HOW ARE YOU
TIRED AF BUT OTHERWISE GREAT HOWS YOUR DAY
I'm straight. But if the dude has an ugly dick in the porn, no way.
.....describe a pretty one?
I don't know if any of them are pretty, but there sure are some ugly ones.
I've given compliments before and people are always REALLY surprised.
How nice of you.
Not sure, though I do find myself browsing r/traa a lot.
Would you be able to say why?
I have no clue myself.
Interesting!! How did you find the sub?
1.ok
2. Cool
3. Wet?
4. Why
5. Scam
I don't know why, but these made me smile.
1: sure, I'll eat them
2: leftwing good, rightwing bad
3: neutral
4: you do you
5:
Why do you think he's a prick?
turn up tuesdays!
1: ya boi
2: ya
3: bad sailor moon
4: anchor man
5: who lives on drury lane?
bad sailor moon?
It’s a video on the front page. 
..?
1)Not me
THE INTERVIEW lolll
I finally got New teeth
Congratulations!!!
Try to remember that you CAN smile now and do it!!
congrats on the new chompers :D
Anyone wanna talk about video games?
I have been really into Stardew Valley I have over 100 hours in it and I recommend it
I can't decide what to buy on the steam sale. What do!?!?!
I have been playing Warframe a lot. That is one of the best free to play games.
What do you know a ton about?
Star Trek, American politics from 1992-present
Have you watched Discovery, then?
Hate-watched, yes.
Although I’m pretty good at detecting lies. Does that count?
Music, soccer, myself (?) lol
What are some of your oddly specific pet peeves?
People who say Pacific instead of specific 
Misophobia?
I'm proud of myself for a change.
Yeah there's a lot of reddit statistics that fly over my head. I guess they're less emphasised 
views is one I never Knew about until a few days ago.
I've missed my cake day every year. And my comment milestone. Literally no idea 
OK so cake day is a year on reddit right? What's a comment milestone? 
I reaches 10,000 I think sometime in the last few months
Ask me anything, get an answer
Favourite pasta sauce when eating pasta?
Tomato sauce with cheese and fried eggs
Thats interesting...what subreddits do you follow?
Way too many... 
Are ducks real, or is something more sinister going on here?
What will NOT be your answer to THIS question? &gt;:-)
What's your favourite porn video ?
If you leave sour cream out, does it go good?
Do yout think that the Geforce Turing series will drop in August at the gamescom?
Who is going to take the Universal Title off of Brock Lesnar?
Dude I haven't watched pressing catch since I was like 10
Ask a question, get an answer!
Are you gay?
What's your favorite language? (Besides english) 
Japanese.
Iam proud to say that i have finally gotten good at swallowing pills
I got good at dry swallowing those huge pills when i had my chest broken
I have seen this raw strength only once before
Yeah I could do multiple normal pills at once 
Today is my birthday and I hope all of you have a good day :D
Happy birthday!!
Happy birthday man! Ill have a drink for you! (Its my birthday tomorrow)
How old are you turning?
25! Time flies!
Ayy me too
16... I'm a youngin
Happy birthday!!!
Happy birthday! Any plans for today? 
Thank you! Yes I’m goin to watch the incredibles 2 with my friends 😊
Happy birthday! I turned nineteen today, fantastic day to have a birthday good on you
Yess, thank you! Happy birthday to you too!
Thanks!!
Thanks. Happy birthday.
Thank you. Happy Birthday :) Hope you had a great birthday!
Thank you so much!
Are any of you attracted (for lack of a better word) to certain names?
I have an affinity towards gender neutral names like Alex, Sam, and Riley, for example.
Yes I love gender neutral names, Alex is my fav. I always wished my name was more androgynous. 
You should read The importance of being earnest by Oscar Wilde lol
What do people do all day?
Have you tried working or studying? :D
It’s summer holidays :D so no study or work :) 
Learn a programming language! It's fun and useful! 
I’ve tried and it’s too hard :p 
Maybe a language you'd like to learn? For me learning Russian helps against being bored
I speak Russian already :p cuz am Russian
Do you ever wonder how attractive you are?
I feel like I'm a 5.  Formerly a 3.  Lost weight, gained a little muscle 
5/5 right?
I’m ugly as fuck and nothing can change it, I will never ask a girl out because I know I’m ugly 
Billy Joel married Christy Brinkley.  It can be done Sir!!
But I’m not rich or famous so I don’t think so for me
Finally came clean
&gt; I'm a good balance between masculinity and feminine
Perfectly balanced.
I honesy wouldn't mind to have a bisexual girlfriend
How on Earth do people manage to take such good selfies
I dont use my head to fly the arrow, boy
Hollywoo Stars and Celebrities: What Do They Know? Do They Know Things?? Let's Find Out!
I've been getting sick of listening to my music, can I get any suggestions for new musics?
Reggae. 
Today I Found Out That A Lot Of People Have Never Eaten Raw Corn On The Cob.
I had always been told eating it raw will make you sick ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
What is a cool fun fact about yourself or something else that you want others to know?
I got my first undergrad degree at 15 and my second at 17.
I had a snowball fight with a friend on a mountaintop in the middle of summer.
what interests you.
Breathing
Video games, practicing guitar, singing a little bit.
are you good good or karaoke good?
I’m terrible but i try
Sports, theatre, travel, politics. 
theatre you say 
Making videos. 
Got any suggestions for dog names?
How about Chinook.. Like the wind. 
I want to name mine duke or walnut if I happen to get a dog in the near future. 
Kittie.
Mom keeps asking why I don't have a girlfriend.
Well, why don’t you???
Uhh I don’t think I can snap my fingers and have a girl appear in my lap bud 
I recently learned men are rarely complimented and when they are it makes their day/week/month
men are bad 
This post made me realize I've only been complimented by my mother, oof.
I've had two complements ever - nice eyes, and nice bum. That's it.
Goddamn, what else do you want, man? 
More than 2 compliments in my whole life? 
Best I ever get is you smell nice and thats more of a compliment to paco rabane than myself.
You have good taste in cologne! 
True, a girl commented on my beard yesterday and honestly my whole day went so good.
I've always just wished that someone would get me flowers just out of the blue but no such luck.
I just became friends with a Nigerian scammer lol
You should get in touch with James Veitch as soon as you can.
I have no idea who that is but I shall (unless he’s famous because that’ll be hard lol)
Your gonna get your ur own TedEx show
Oh goodness should I start preparing a slide show now or wait until I get the invite? 
It’s always good to be prepared for any future event expected or unexpected. 
Hey are you CGP Grey's animator perchance? Your username is sus...
I am not sorry to disappoint just someone who liked that name for a “photography name” haha 
Unless you just got ultimate scammed 😂
It’s a long con, he’ll get your money.  
I have hope but I’m still looking over my shoulder 
Or this was the greatest scam of all
Whoa that's a lotta personal info in the third edit
All that was the fake info he gave me 
My fanfictions. :)  I love writing them.
which fandoms do you belong to?
If you had a superpower, what would it be and how would you use it?
Ctrl+F. 
In real life, for arbitrary objects or concepts. 
I'd use it to find my glasses. 
My super power would be to permanently remove other super powers.
Noooo
Looks like I found my antagonist..
Persuasion w/ 100% success rate. Bout to be the greatest salesmen to ever exist
Like the force? 
You know I’m not gonna lie I have no idea what you’re talking about
I mean like the jedi mind control thing from star wars
I'd want to be able to eat and digest anything.
What would you eat?
Sketchers
Calling all talented people!
The only thing I can think of is NSFW... damn it :(
Looking at the sea.
Is that for a talent or a proud moment? I can see it both ways.
Someone just told me that I have a voice that is very pleasant to listen to, and it's made my day!
where can i listen to your voice?
I was once told my voice sounded like it should be in the movies, but not in a good way.
I chat with everyone. Come tell me anything you want.
Who is the love of your life?
My wife. Yours?
My boyfriend. Would you ever end things with her if she was still willing to hold on?
Whats your favourite movie?
And do you like the band queen?
Hmmm, what country you would really love to visit?? 🙃🙃
Europe
I asked a stranger for his number!
Get it girl. Pushing our boundaries is so liberating! 
Preach it. Gender equality and all that.
Please update so we can find out what happened next.
No text back, no update ): 
Do you have an animal you identify with?
Sloths man. Sloths. 
Human being because I want to be master of the Earth, and farm all the other animals.
ALL of them?
Dog, loyalty and wanting to serve and please. Doesn't ^help ^^that ^^^I'm ^^^^a ^^^^^furry
Glasswinged butterfly.
On a scale of 1 - 10, how toxic is reddit?
19.
Also Reddit isn't just toxic towards women or lgbt people. Reddit is toxic to everybody.
Really? Where? 
What do you mean where?
CC Meetup in California??
I live in Southern California! 
HELL YES. Where?
I live in socal as well, I wouldn't mind meeting up with people
I'm in NorCal (bay area).
Where in the Bay?
Santa Cruz.
I'd love to do this there; I'll have to see what others answer, though.
Monterey is nice too.
Are we doing this on the beach? I'M DOWN WITH THAT but I can't speak for anyone else.
I'm drunk in Riverside
BAY AREA
Monterey here. Right smack in the middle of the coast. :)
NIIIIIICE. We'll be in touch!!!
I got to tell my husband he is going to be a father today.
How long has he been deployed for already, not too long i hope
Lol about 11 months 
Congrats! Are you sure it's yours tho?
Yeah pretty sure. I think your username fits.
Turns out she saw him last 10 months ago... 
Btw its called a joke, if you didnt realize
Hey everyone, if you'd like a free compliment leave a comment!
This is cute! I want! 
You seem like a very adorable person :)
This is so nice! 
You seem like a very empathetic person! Not to mention a great dungeon master 😎
You made me smile! Thanks :)
The cake you posted a couple weeks ago looks delicious! 
you're awesome tbh
This is just really nice. Have a great day, as well ^_^. 
I want to become extremely rich and use the money to help others
Me too! I fantasize about becoming a Pablo Escobar minus the evil.
Something truly odd at a mundane moment.
 Did you open the other one?
Took a walk and a dog in someone's garage chased after me for a few seconds. 
was it a Weird Dog?
If you have no one to say it to I will be accepting Happy Fathers Days for the next 26 hours.
Not father's day in a large part of the world (y)
That's ok I'm accepting them early, as I know everyone is busy in their own ways.
What I meant was that father's day is in september :P
So what's your favorite song right now?
The dockyard church. Honestly the best song ever made.
Haven't ever heard of it.
THANK YOU THAT WAS AMAZING
YOU ARE WELCOME
Shakira and Maluma - De Nada 
&gt;De Nada
Is this real? I only know of Chantaje, Trap, and Clandestino
How’s your night, CC?
Listening to music and playing video games with friends, so I would say really good.
Electronic chill stuff, along with some 60's-70's classics
I also love 70s classics, which artists from this time do you like?
I'm full of tacos and trying not to fall asleep atm. 😂
Oh damn. Were the tacos at least good? 
Hell yeah. Carne asada for the win. I'm wishing I were at the beach. 
This breaks my heart.
we truly live in a society 
You should keep encouraging him!!
Get him electronic stuff for holidays!
In what games/books/shows/movies do you prefer the sidekick over the main character?
Hermione &gt; Harry
Wouldn’t Ron be the sidekick to Harry though?
Molly C &gt; Harry D
Michael C &gt; Harry D
I'm wasting time until my gig type job in a few hours. What are you doing or waiting for today?
Waiting for a new life!
Well if you wait long enough lol.
Lol. I need a magic mushroom or something. I did have a really nice sandwich. 
What was on the sandwich?
Waiting for my guitar center order to ship and my wife to get up
Just poke at her until she wakes up. Thats what i do.
I’m just waiting for my laundry to finish so I can go to sleep
Tidying the house slowly and waiting to get ready for a birthday celebration later.
How did the birthday go?
Finally bought a PS4
Get bloodborne, i got my PS4 for that game, its so good.
It’s very good if you’re into horror games. 
Try Persona 5 if you're in to JRPGs. My personal GOTY last year
That's a switch game right?
I may have umm... Trained... My 5 year old daughter too well.
Are you feeding her plain rice?
Eid Mubarak! I love this day.
Eid Mubarak my friend! 
Bhaijaan Eid Mubarak
But But I need Galouti 
Aapko bhi Eid Mubarak! It's tomorrow in my country.
We have Eid tomorrow too!
Wanna hear a joke?
. 
Parking space
Eid and World Cup Mubarak fam!
Eid Mubarak!! May the joy you feel today continue to echo throughout the rest of the year!
I’d say what I want about fasting but it’d get me banned from the sub.
What would you have said?
This is silly, but I am so happy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Which state do you now call home?
Thank you! California! 
Just Cause 2. Your post doesn't include the name of the game you picked up btw.
Fixed it! Thanks
No worries. Borderlands 2 is indeed amazing.
What three words would you use to describe your life?
Books nature electronics
Body Mind Soul
Unassuming, uneventful, uninteresting.
What makes a person interesting?
Boring and uninteresting.
Order
Timely
Horny
crust - lovesick - mole
Hardworking sentimental priorities
Obsessed. Boring. Afraid.
What are you obsessed with right now?
Oh bro. BRO. BROHEIM. You do not want to open this box. Trust me. I will talk you to death.
Vibrant, rhythmic melancholy. 
Vigilant, Warrior, Sentinel
Do you ever feel like you're smart, but you're not *that smart*?
Yeah, tried to be a mathematician. 
This is the shortest horror story I've ever read lol. 
Six-word horror stories.
Baby shoes for sale. Never worn.
4 years have passed, it's World Cup time again, are you excited?
about -45,000% excited ... cannot stand the fucking game :/
Well then, the door is there friend, have a nice summer! 
oh if it were only that easy... every 4 years its FUCKING EVERYWHERE!!! you cant escape ...
It may seem silly but I’m really happy about this and no one seems to care so I decided to post about it here
That's awesome. I hate math too lol it's just gets jumbled I my brain.
Je te souhaite le meilleur! Amuse toi bien en France! Combien de temps va tu passer là? 
Welcome to the barley passing club. 
I’ve been in the not passing club for two years so it’s an upgrade for me lol
Just for math right? 
Send me a message whenever you feel like you need to chat
Why do you do this?
Because he/she is an amazing human that cares about others well being. Kudos OP. KUDOS. 
Whats the best feeling in the world for you?
When the week is over 
halfway home! let's do this. 5 q's!
eggs are cool 
jesus is the fairest of them all
i dont 
no idea 
i don't have any friends
why don't u have any friends?
because I'm a selfish asshole
well its my fault so i guess i deserve it
:/// don't say that
no it really is my fault though
1)Love them except when they are hard boiled
2)God 
3)
d'aw shure!
Thank you for accepting my request  :)
now if only u could poke each other on reddit
Does anyone ever felt like going outside but you don't have anywhere to go or nothing to do so you just stay inside boring all day?
Do you drive?
Nope, I don't know how to drive
You need a friend with a swimming pool.
Are there any parks nearby?
Walk dogs at a local shelter 
Take an improv class. Just trust me, sign up and go, your life will never be the same. 
What's something you want to rave about?
Skyrim... I seem unusually able to talk about that. It's a good game, especially with mods.
THE WORLD CUP! 
Who you rooting for? :)
Director Seijun Suzuki.
Best films?
STAR WARS!!!
when I feel depressed, I make lists of all the things that make me happy
Naps but especially hugs make the world go round 🌏 
Whiskers on kittens :-)
Bright copper kettles and warm woollen mittens &lt;3
Brown paper packages, tied up with strings
These are a few of my favorite things: 
 Cream\-colored ponies and crisp apple strudels 
Doorbells and sleigh bells
And schnitzel with noodles
i love it when children very proudly say their age. its so innocent and sweet
Thanks so much for this...really needed it today.
1. Weed
2.booze
3. Cigarettes 
4. Cocaine 
Positive music suggestions?
Kids see ghosts - Reborn 
Someone just rang my doorbell and prevented my house from burning down.
I'm so glad you're okay!
Walking on the street and didn’t see a car, old man pulled me away 
#NeverWalkandText
More like never walk and use a mobile.
Strawberries in whole milk tastes so good.
Careful, OP.  That's how Zachary Taylor died.
Oh no! Did he die because of strawberries and milk?
Yep. IIRC, he ate a ton of them, though, so, you know, elegance in moderation .
Have you thought of a name yet? 😊
You know that Strawberry Milk is a thing, right? 
Now try it in heavy cream with a sprinkle of sugar. You can thank me later.
I do that with peaches. It's my favorite dessert ever. 
Does anybody else look at peoples Reddit history out of curiosity?
I usually do it when it's an aggressive person talking shit here and there.
I only tend to do it if I think they might be an rtp/incel/t_d type.
trp/t_d?
t\_d is The Donald I think.
Ok, cool.
and trp must be the red pill
Those people seem kinda nuts.
Yeah, I just checked yours. *eyes suspiciously dart from side to side*
I see you grew up in a cult.... Interesting 
You posted the same comment 5 times. 
Reddit was screwing up earlier and making people multipost.
Happens to me as well. Just wanted to make sure you noticed. 
It wasn't me :)
I stumbled across this by going through your history
Anyone else really just not enjoy Snapchat?
I just want Snapchat and instagram to merge and get it the fuck over with already
I'm 16 and never had one, but I feel like it's prolly to late to start now. 
What did you do this weekend?
Taught my sister the basics of coding.
It's frustrating.
I did my last bit of revision for an exam that was yesterday (today Tuesday). 
Within 2 days of finishing college, I got offered my first job in the industry!
Where in Spain are you moving to? 
Madrid!
Just studying and looking to have some conversations while I do
sure we can talk.... 
How’s it going my dude?
was learning some programming stuff ...lost my nerve...so came here to talk with someone ...  ;)
Im always open to chat with anyone. If you want.
I can spend $10,000 on absolutely anything I want and I have no idea how to do that. I'd love some ideas.
Gamble
Smoke $100 of meth and the go back to work 
Take a vacation to Antarctica.
Take a trip to Newfoundland and stay at the Fogo Island Inn. 
Community Conversation: E3 2018
#ELDER SCROLLS VI HYPE TRAIN ROLLING THROUGH THE STATION
At age 25, I'll be starting my first job tomorrow
good lucc
Dude! I'm 25 and will also be starting my first job next Monday!
No sweat, you’ll be alright. Don’t forget to smile!
What do you mean JUST ice cream
Hey man I'm 25 in 2 weeks and starting my first job tomorrow as well. Best of luck dude
Does anyone else feel like they have different groups of friends and you would be too embarrassed to have them interact with each other?
Look at Mr Bigshot over here with multiple groups of friends.
Ha, that's right nerds I have people who like my company!
Your mom likes my company! ...*I mean, my mom likes my company*...
What is something special about your country?
Im a fellow Singaporean ,hello my fellow Singaporean bro!
Our national animal is a unicorn. God I hate this place but that is something to be proud of
Reverse AMA/Spreading positivity/Fun Challenges
What a neat idea! You can ask me anything, I'll try to be nice :)
Ask me anything! :D
who is the best person of your life ? and why?
Hmm... tough to answer tbh. Best in what regard? Narrow it down a bit for me lol
who was with u all the time... who kept u up ...who ud love to be with always
Can't sleep and stuck in my own head, AMA :)
this seems interesting, hit me with something 
If you could be someone's apprentice who would you want it be?
hmm... someone specific? or for a specific trade/career?
Someone specific would be great! You can choose a career though if you want.
Alright I’m down, ask away!
I'm down to chat about anything
I'm just playing on the WOWS Test Server right now so I guess we can talk about that. 
World of Warcraft test sever or something else?
Chugged some NyQuil 
Nice. You wont be talking to me for long then i take it lol.
I can only hope. “It isn’t you, it’s me”
Lol i get it. Any reason you chugged it? Long day today?
Yea. in a bit of a mental funk
Am I too late?
Nope ill talk to anyone whenever. Even if the post was archived lol.
Great then...although I kinda forgot what I was gonna say lol
What do you guys do on your nights alone?
self harm
Either browsing my social media apps, watch TV, play Xbox, or listen to music
Does masturbation count as a hobby?
I smoke a jazz cigarette and program/YouTube/YouTube/games/vr
I got braces today at age 26! Has anyone else done things late in life?
I’m 25 and still need to learn how to drive.
I’ve had a lot of vision issues holding me back.
33 and hoping to learn this year! Good luck, us!
I got braces  at 25, had my first kid at 33 and graduated college at 40. 
I think I might need to get mine too. And I ain't getting any younger 😢
I’ve gone through 2 rounds of braces. Here I am at 26, in bed, wearing a retainer.
I didn't visit a dentist for the first time until I was about 21/22
Omg what?? What were the shape of your teeth? 
Sad songs recommendations?
Casimir Pulaski Day by Sufjan Stevens
Delicate by Damian Rice. I cried many a time to this song in high school.
Way ahead of you on that one.  Damien Rice is amazing.
Friday Truth or Truth
I pick truth. If that option is already taken, I'll take a truth instead.
#BRAVE CONTENDER**WHAT** Is the loneliest number?
Truth or truth
#BRAVE CONTENDER**WHAT** is the best joke?
The entirety of my life 
But I'm not laughing
I’d like to put my fate to test with truth
Ask or tell me anything you want!
Hows the weather by you?
Hockey game is tied 0-0 its a good game so far!
Nothing is happening with the score and that's a good thing?
Not loosing is good! Plus they're playing really aggressively which is entertaining :)
I will spend my year 2019 in Antarctica. I have been told today that my luggage has to be prepared by september. What useful/useless/unusual things should I take with me ?
Settlers of Catan! It's a great way to bond with your new coworkers. 
How many hours of sleep do you personally need to feel properly energized during the day?
8\-9 hours
Do you always get that? Are you very disciplined about going to bed on time?
7-8 I’ve been getting too much sleep now actually lol and it’s making me more tired.
Peraonally I have found about 4- 5 but more than that I feel sleepy all day. 
10 hours +15 minutes after I wake up
That's a lot of sleep!! Are you dedicated to going to bed on time every night?
No, most of the time I stay up ti'll 10:50 - 11:20
Haha going to bed on time is hard
You got that right, I mostly spend my time on this subreddit actually
Oh really! Just chatting away all that valuable sleeping time haha :P
Yes! Exactly what I'm doing now! It's summer here and it's like 4AM!
Haha you're dedicated. Summer here too but only 4:40pm. 
Well hello from the other side of the world then :D
How many kids do you want to have?
Karma makes me kinda happy, I don’t know ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Well have exactly one free karma from me then :)
I like Karma as well. 
me too
I agree with you,but getting replies and comments makes me happier
It gives me something to do when I'm bored. 
Just commenting to contribute to your fight against boredom. &lt;3
Thank you for supporting the cause. :)
You are so welcome.
I have nothing important to add, but I just wanted to keep this going. Good day.
Agreed. I'm fine with more reddit notifications why not.
It's nice once you get access to the Karma Store. Here's an upvote to get you closer!
Thank you, take one for stopping by. 
Good luck to you and your karma kareer
Don't trust people with a lot of karma. 
What’s a lot of karma to you? 
Anything over 5 or 10k.
You can trust me then. 
I feel the same. Getting 11.7k karma in one post got me flying. 
hot damn. 
I know right lol. Before that I never realized how hard it was to actually get karma 
A soldier!
That's an easy one too get into atleast. They are always looking for people to join up.
Getting Called Chocolate
This could be the start of something new
Come Brag About Yourself
I moved out on my own for the first time in my life a month ago. 3000km away from my family
Ive made it 10 hours into my 4th attempt to quit nicotine. THIS IS HELL!!!!!
Congrats, now double that.
I DON'T KNOW IF I CAN!!! AAAAHHH MY EYES ARE BURNING!!!! AND THIS HEADACHE!! 
Fun Fact: You can
FUCK FACTS!! HAGgasvgggggaaa! This is hell. I can't go on with my life. Aaaaa
Fuck Pain. You can go on. You will go on. 
My favorite part about being an Uber/lyft driver is when I'm able to help somebody through a tough time.
Knowing that you’ve helped someone in a positive way is one of the best feeling their is.
Anyone else think all Marvel movies are kinda the same?
I stopped watching movies, period. I'm too depressed
Worst rejection you got from a crush?
I'm more interested in your brother (I'm a girl)
tbh I can't stand you it was worst because she was my Best friend so double ouch.
Yes in person and then a no over text about 8 hours later
whats the simplest thing that causes you high levels of anxiety??
Name a thing. Any thing.
Direct emails from upper management.
What was the last album you listened to all the way through?
Wow i have never sat and listened to an album all the way through. Have to try it one day.
Who else has random bursts of cringe when they think about their past?
Yes. I even make sounds out loud or try to verbally change the topic to distract my thoughts.
Something I do this and audibly groan or mutter fuck...
I'm turning 18 today and I don't feel like an adult
Felt the same, still feel that way to be honest and I turn 20 this year. 
Let's just keep being children then :D
If only that was a possibility lol 
I'd say it is. It's mostly a state of mind.
True, my dad is still in his early 20s in his mind and he is reacting his 60s lol 
Same with mine \:D
Haha guess a lot of people in older age is like that 
It's a good thing I think. Gotta stay young!
Where do you live that you get to drink at 18?
France! Where do *you* live and what's the legal drinking age there?
Here in the US it's 21 in most states, in a few others I think it might be 18
What do you watch or listen to when you need cheering up?
Any of the Simpsons seasons 3-9!
What can I add to my scrambled eggs to make them more interesting?
Try soy sauce instead of salt! 
Diced ham, sautéed onion, garlic, cheese. I add a tablespoon of evaporated milk
Help improve my english. Please.
Your English is better than many native English speakers.  Consider yourself fluent.
Anyone have a hobby and or thing they do for fun and on their own time that you feel nervous to share with people?
I knit. I'm a 20 year old software development major. Nobody can ever know.
I'm creating a playlist with upbeat, happy songs...help me create it!
You need Keep Ya Head Up! Such a classic feel good song
Eric prydz - generate
Pretty much any song by Eric Prydz. He's that good.
Would you be open to foreign/non-English songs?
Any song by Kygo is what you'd be looking for!
“I’m in love with My Life” by Phases!
I tried to kill myself two months ago. Tomorrow I'm starting my first job in 10 years.
Well done! What's your new role? 
This is not casual... please seek help
Who is ready to start an amazing friendship with an amazing person (me)?
I wanna be friends!!!
OH MY FUCKING LORD ZELDA WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING HERE SO GLAD YOU CAME BY WOW 
Me I need new friends you seem cool 
2 years ago I was unemployed and incredibly depressed with no idea how I was going to support my 4 children on my own, last year I was 5 months in to my new job and so happy I got a dollar raise and making $14 an hour. Last week I was offered a job making 45k a year.
So... you don't believe in condoms, lol?
What’s everyone up too tonight?
Watching breaking bad and eating my weight in chocolate 
What book(s) left a mark on you?
Count of Monte Cristo, by Alexander dumas. Changed my life forever for the better 
What are you excited for next week?
Can't think of anything in particular.  I just have work scheduled, no other plans so far 
Yeah, some weeks just feel same-y but I hope you find something either this week or next week.
Whenever I look in the mirror I feel like Hey, this boy is me...and I like this boy
lol I don't even shower w/ the lights on, yet alone try to look in the mirror 
Try it :)
God I wish that was me. When I look in the mirror too long I can’t recognize myself.
I'm becoming something I don't want to be
I think an occupational therapist can help. Good luck!
awareness is the first step to absolution.
Today I officially finished college and became a Registered Nurse!
Good job! 
I’m really proud of you :)
How can you be proud of someone you've never met?
They can't. It's just something people say online to be nice to each other. They're empty words.
Tell us if your work life is like *Scrubs*
Enjoy it! It is quite the rewarding profession, and you guys are SO undervalued. 
Congrats!!!!
True words. Many people don't see the full picture behind nursing.
The shitposts and real posts are good on /r/nursing if you haven't subbed yet :)
Subbed for a while already, as you said, some are truly realistic, and some are complete shit. 
You’re not a competent nurse yet, but congrats!
What area do you want to work in? 
As a german i always wondered why w is called double u
In Spanish it is also double-v. 
Kinda the same in all latin languages.
Not in portuguese.
As a German, you just blew my mind. 
what do you call it in german? v?
Yeah close its more like ve 
Probably has to do with V and U being the same letter in the original Latin alphabet.
If you're from Texas, its doub-ya 
3am here. Taking lunch sitting in whataburger waiting for 615 to get here.
right now it is 3:05 AM. i have school and practice today so rip. :/
RIP indeed.
Practice for what?
Not just awake, I'm woke! 
A strange encounter after the death of my father..
the few hours lying in bed before I go to sleep is the best part of my day
Fap.
that to!
🙂
Fap?
It's older internet slang sir, but it checks out.
I just think of Lucy.
I've been falling asleep watching how its made recently. Really relaxing.
What is your current hobby?
I mostly crochet for fun. Lately I've been obsessed with crocheting succulents, actually. 
Well, my current hobby right now is 3D modelling and going to the gym. 😃
So you're 3d modelling your body as well?
XD I wish I could model myself. I mostly do low poly and buildings.
You can, just keep doing it. That's the secret :)
Yeah, I agree with you. It's all about constant practice. 
Experts are the ones that found the most ways it doesn't work and kept trying anyway
Anyone else think FaceBook is a waste or time?
Everything on the internet is a waste of time in some form or another.
Not if you're learning. Learning is never a waste of time it can improve your life.
It was meant to be a joke. 
I’m on day 4 of quitting smoking!
Hey I’m on day 10 but for marijuana though. 
Good luck to ya!
day 4 of no caffeine for ne. keep going. i quit smoking years ago after 15 years of smoking 
I'll drink to that! Cheers!
Im on day three and its rough!
Amazing! I've gone from a pack a day a month ago, to ~4 cigs a week. Keep going, you can do it.
Is this day 5 now?
So, how youre holding up?
Not a single smoke or a puff! 
Am I the only one
I haven't either.
This was literally me until yesterday. Sucks.
noooooooooo
I knoooow. I looked at my phone and thought I'm one of them now 😭.
Is everyone else Butterfingers but me
Gamers of CasualConversation singleplayer or multiplayer?
Single player without question 
Which single player game is your favourite?
I have 2 favourites, Skyrim and Final Fantasy XII.
Cool! I played around 50 hours of Skyrim then I got sick of it. But everyone is different! :)
I like Multiplayer only when the net is fast and stuff like Dota 2, WOT, or MU
what's poppin?
Hey, I'm 4 days sober
My ear.
You know what's an underrated feeling? Dropping sugar addiction.
Lol u right u right
Well are you going to tell us how you did it?? Please?? 😄
Opiates. 
I'd rather be an opium addict than a sugar addict thh 
I dunno man diabetus is pretty bad, but... really?
Yeah I'd rather be on opium than significantly overweight. I know I'm in the minority though 
man that's fucked up
It's amazing what kind of weight loss can occur by cutting sugars and carbs. 
Cut out sugar, gained five pounds. Nothing else changed..
I’ve been off cola for a month today! And I’m so proud of myself.
How long did it get you to get to this place
Nike sponsors our college football team. I just got rid of our season tickets.
I don't know what CK is or anything about Nike really... so, you do you.
you do you is a phrase used by teenagers. So I wouldn't expect you to understand
Can you give me a quick rundown on the ad thing I don't know anything about it 
it's ok I already found out
Life must be hard when you get butthurt over a random guy kneeling.
My Guinea pig just did a running jump onto my lap for the first time
They squeal loud :)
That's amazing! We **need** pictures!
I posted one a few days ago :)
Everyone's asleep. Are you guys sleeping too?
Yes, I'm asleep. Keep it down!
Zzzzzz. Of course I am awake. It's 11am here. 
So the kid across the street is amazing.
That's really sweet of you! Thank you for being a stand up human.
Such a sweet gesture by u/racist_sandwich
this is awesome. all the best and may karma return the favour.
I got scammed on Ed Sheeran tickets on Saturday so it's not working. 
Are you in SE Michigan?
Yep. 
Howdy, neighbor!
Hi! Want your lawn cut? I know a kid. 
You could get the ones that don't use petrol either. Those old school ones! 
Ever seen the movie Gran Torino?? cuz this has a major Gran Torino vibe to it 
I live in Detroit, too! 
And look at your username!
Pedophile. 
Your name says racist but your post says not
And my hoodie today has a giant Pentagram in support of the Satanic Temple. 
I'm confusing. 
Fuck it, give him fake beer with that mower! 
SO. The person who let this kid borrow his mower is amazing too in his own way
Buy ut, show us proof, and I'll give you gold.
I miss love
I can't miss what I've never had.
Since there's at least three of us here now, can we officially call ourselves a club?
I’ve been an avid mobile reddit user for a while now and i finally went on the desktop version for the first time today, and it sucked.
I dont like it either!!! Glad to get that off my chest
Can't type at 150 WPM on a mobile though
I think I type faster on my phone than my computer now that I think about it. 
Lonely Redditors make me sad, so I'd like to help
What about Redditors lonely because they can't get a girlfriend.
17 year old in a hospital waiting room AMA
Do you are have stupid? Because I read that you hit your head 
I don't quite understand what you mean, I don't feel dumb or any dumber since I fell
Nvm then. 
Username checks out 
I just noticed that my running playlist has 3 fans on the app and I feel weirdly validated by this
Upvotes!!
Weirdly enough, one of mine has 42 followers. Don't know from where.. 
People like answering lists of questions
1. Seeing my dog after 3days of vacation out of town.
2. Instant noodles.
3. 4-5 hours
4.
That last one sounds like a curse, at least you have a dog to compensate 
1.	My birthday.
2.	Reese’s. 
3.	About 6 hours. 
4.	Play Minecraft.
5.	Cats.
1- Can't remember TBH
2- Mushroom soup
3- 8-11 hours average
4- Play Minecraft 
5- Cat
1 - weed
2 - boxed lunch yesterday
3- about 4 hours
4 - play games and read
5 - Wolves. Easily 
1.Nothing
2. A banana
3.4-12 hours
4.Played video games
5. A cat
Just one cat?
I prefer Reddit to other social media platforms because it isn't about people showing off how amazing their life is. Anyone with me?
Haha, unfortunately, on Reddit everyone is showing off how awful their life is
Only now noticed how cool and wholesome Japanese youth culture really is...
Such a beautiful and sweet thing to say! Thank you for sharing! 
hey chrissy
Why are there whole groups of Japanese youths in Vietnam?
Why is a brit in vietnam? People travel
What do you think of Hanoi so far?
I love it! It’s a city that is so full of life. It’s chaotic but in a wonderful wonderful way :)
Are you going through Saigon as well?
I came from there! :) loved it 
Can’t sleep. What’s up?
I’m will. A/s/l?
My back is out. I’m on the couch writhing in pain. 
Sorry to hear about your back. 
I work third shift so my sleep schedule get fucked up on the weekends...
What’s your favorite part of living alone?
Not having to get dressed unless I'm leaving the house.
Is there a secret place to meet introverts?
I think you’re in the right place tbh. Hi! 🙋🏼‍♀️
Hello! How are you doing?
Super well, thank you, you? ☺️
You are in it. Good evening.
Happy friday!
Reddit buddies
Hi! What sort of stuff are you into?
Video games, movies, hiking and other things haha dm me if youd like to talk
Video games on what platform?
Ps4 and Switch
I'm a PC gamer myself, sorry I can't suggest anything :( 
All good. You have VR?
You know there is a chat area
You mean like DMs?
Hi! What's your favorite food?
Idk that's tough to answer on the spot. Maybe chicken tacos yum
Tacos are amazing.  I'm gonna get a smoothie tonight before class and it's gonna be awesome. 
yesss friday!! 5 q's
1. yes. i play trumpet and piano
2. astrophysicist
3. ?
4. clair de lune
5. a fucking trip
clair de fucking lune
long story
2. Idk
3. What
4. LNRDCROY - I Met You On BC Ferries]
5. Same as every day 
no- idk- what.
BIG Thank you to THAT person in the Gym
I wouldn't like it if someone did that but to each their own 
You suck and should feel bad
What is the thing that keeps you alive?
My son and cat who flops down and meeps when she sees me. 
Nice! How old is your son? :)
&amp;#x200B;
That one day I'm gonna live in Seattle and work my dream job.
Dirt bikes
What is that
Motorcycles made for dirt
I'm so stupid. Sorry hahah. That sounds cool, do you already have one ?
Yes, but its been broken for past 3 months :(
The 😂 emoji has desensitised me to all forms of humor. It's the laugh track of emojis.
😂 cool post bro who did this 😂
Okay, now this is epic 😎
😂BOTTOM TEXT😂
we live in a society
**BOTTOM TEXT**
I won my first case in r/KarmaCourt
The whole thing seemed very booze driven. Are you sure this place is legit?
In my view, it's about as legit as Crane's court in The Dark Knight Rises,
Noice
That's why you have to pass bar exam
Multiple bars may have been examined.
This made me laugh.
But also congratulations on winning your case!
Gracias! 
You should definitely add this as an accomplishment on your resume.  
Ahhh justice porn
As a longtime judge of karmacourt, I’m glad to see that you liked it!
oh, who are you?
can you page the karma farmer who reposted it?
ICYDK, ICYDK means In Case You Didn't Know
Thanks for explaining! NENTBAA in my opinion.
Well done son, now go become a lawyer
What if
I was literally just talking about this like an hour ago
Night shift boredom.
Yup on a 12.5 hr shift
How goes it.?? What do you do?? 
Im plant operator, watching over the facility. Respond to any equipment alarms
A girl got mad at me because I told her that her Arabic tattoo is misspelled.
That’s why you only gets languages you know tattooed on you!
My boyfriend doesn't have cancer!
I'm so happy for you. Hold him tight! :)
My good news is rather lax, but I completed a quest that took me a week two days ago.
Hell yeah!! That's awesome :)
Was it a game quest? 
duh
My sister also doesn't have cancer a third time.
That's awesome, fuck cancer! 
If it comes back again it's a death sentence. I was freaked out. 
You really missed the point of the sub
I don't think I did because I encouraged conversation in the post, but that's fine!
I feel glad to be alive when...
Keep on enjoying life, friend. (:
Recently turned 25 and just decided to apply to university.
I did this at 27. Best thing I did
I am 63 and constantly get solicited for funds by the Alumni association.
Really? For what kinds of things?
I went on a trip with some online friends and it was the best experience of my life
You massaged and cuddled each other? What?
This makes me really happy. I hope I can do the same with my online friends!
Does anybody feel like they’re not interesting at all?
I used to, that's why I left my country and taught in Botswana for a year. 
Well that’s definitely something interesting!
Found a wife there as well :) 
Just somebody's wife? Or is she your wife now? 
I just realized something while in a group chat with a large amount of girls as a guy today and its been making me think
 cuz y'all are fucking beautiful people 
That's where you are wrong, kiddo.
You're double wrong my dude no offense
Cuz only a handsome bastard would have the username SWM19
S: Straight
W: White
M: Male
19: Age
S: Sexy W: Wealthy  :Mighty  19: 19
Who else is ready to throw in the towel?
me!
hopefully, alcohol kills me, but it's unlikely
biding my time until my parents are gone
My parents are dead! I have no more responsibilities! Cheers!!!
lucky!
i have a sister too, so i might have to stick around for her too
Nope! 4 half brothers that are complete strangers! No one to watch over!
rough
what's kept you going so far?
Inherited parents dogs and I have my dog. After that there's nothing 😎 youngest is 7
So... I've got a gene mutation...
Honestly thought you were going to say it stood for motherfucker.
Glad you found a solution! 
I thought this was going to turn out to be a u/shittymorph post or something
Same here skipped to the end for nineteen ninety eight when life was much easier.  
Do you mind explaining what brain fog is? I've never heard of it before 
Which one is it? I have it as well. 
Don't abandon thread please! I'd like to see answers to some of these questions.
Does anybody ever lose interest or just get bored of music?
Smoke weed
What’s your comfort food?
My comfort food is always a nice cup of tea combined with whatever leftovers i got.
How do you take your tea?
Uh, Hot?
Japanese noodle soup. 
Is that like ramen?
Yes. But also thicker noodles. 
Jello. I love simple jello 
What are you excited about for the month of September?
I'm waiting for the new J.I.D. and 6lack albums to come out
Oh shit 6lack got new stuff soon?
Pumpkin Spice back at Starbucks. Yes, I’m a basic bitch and I love it. 
Does anyone else have a massive problem never finishing something they start?
Ye
Dud, you didn't finish your
What is
Who
why th
I ag
You don’t ev
Why is this ha
Yeah. I have about 10 quilts to finish. I get bored. Start another. You’re not alone , Bub
Can you attach some of those quilts together to finish them?
My son saw a sign that said 'please keep children under supervision' and asked dad, have you got super vision?. I never thought of the word 'supervision' that way before.
Manslaughter. Man's laughter. As a kid I couldn't grock why this was a crime. 
I watch everything at x2 speed. Youtube, Netflix you name it.
That sounds unbearable 
How do i do this in the youtube mobile app
3 dots on top right corner 
Dude thank you! Actually excited avout this
Anyone excited for anything coming up in life?
Yeah I'm going on holiday to a really cool place at the end of the year and I'm sooo excited :D
Where? 
Iceland :D did you go on holiday this year? Have you ever been to Iceland?
Dont call me daddy, call me hokage
I was mowing the lawn today and I ran face first into a spider web. It was sad. 
Eek, I hope you are alright, I hope they didn't consume your soul
I think I'm dead, they may have colonized my hair. Send help 
How many times a day do you brush your teeth?
I would do nearly anything for about $100,000.
Sex. Sell yourself to a rich person for sex. 
I would, if there was a market.
Lol there is
I'm like a younger Kyle Gass with hair.
Sorry, but it was your choice to go to an American school.
Tell me what's on your mind.
it feels like Friday, but it isn't :( 
Guess what! It's Friday!!!!
How do talk to people. hlep.
Americans define themselves by the nationalities of their ancestors but absolutely lose their mind when someone speaks a language other than English.
ᏣᎳᎩᏍ ᎯᏬᏂᏍᎩ?
Cherokee?
I got a job interview!
I had a job during college - had to have that beer money, hahaha.
Experiencing a full-time job for the first time ever and it is BRUTAL
Wait till you start working 14 hour shifts.
Highly unlikely that anyone would work 14 hour shifts
It’s my cake day :)
thanks :)
Hey OP it's my cake day too! Reddit twins :P
I don't think that's how being twins works.
Is cake day your actual birthday or your yearly redditor anniversary
Tell me your favorite song and why, and I'll put it in a playlist!
Right now .. sweet disposition by temper trap
Can I ask what it is about this song that makes it your favorite?
What are your unpopular opinions that don’t include the following things?
2Pac lyrically wasn't a top 10 rapper
If you die early you shouldn’t be in consideration for “greatest of all time”. 
I’m brand-new to this subreddit, and it seems interesting.
Hey there I'm also new here nice to meet you!
(*Welcome to the sub, pleased to have you here :)* )
Giving your child odd and unique names
May I suggest Lucifer or Adolf
those are good boy name in my opinion :\^)
My cousins hubby taught a kid named abcd ( ab-ced-ee).... some fucking parents are fucked
Anyone up for a casual conversation?
Office monkey, what's up?
haha, just trying to kill some time
U up to talk about anything? That's what this sub is about 
pretty much yes
Are you Australian?
Indian
I have Indian ancestry. I'm part gypsy
Interesting, where are you currently?
ah, a lot of Indians there I guess?
What’s your favourite vegetable 
Kidney beans. It's an Indian dish that we eat with rice
What kind of work are you *supposed* to be doing at the office? 
I am a software dev
Apps? Games? Computer programs? 
Do you like guinea pigs?
Don't think we have them in this part of the world. But I am not an animal person anyway
Im too polite and now the Jehovahs Witnesses think I am very interested and have started showing up more and more and weirding me out
Learn to say no.
Yeah, youre right. I feel like im in too deep now but youre right.
Too deep? Please be careful, we do not want to have to do an intervention on you.
What are you guys excited for in the near future?
I have to go to the Netherlands for a couple of weeks for work. It should be interesting. 
Its a wonderful country, do you have anything planned leisure-wise?
No. I will be working the whole time in a steel mill.
Brutal.
Do they at least pay well?
Hello! I'm never posted on Reddit before, how are you?
Boop. 
Beep!
good
Retired grandfather. A drink in one hand and a joint in the other.
Are you a believer in Thor?
Top five music artists!!
The Beatles. 
The Doors. 
Pink Floyd. 
U2. 
Pearl Jam. 
Whats your favorite movie? 
What artists/musicians get the most underserved hate?
Idk if it’s undeserved, but I fucking HATE Nickelback...
Living on your own is the best: dancing around with no pants on to music at 12.45am is so freeing
Pretty much everything is better with no pants on!
Best part of living on your own imo!
British pants or American pants? 
There’s a difference?!!?😳
British say pants for underpants/briefs and trousers for pants. 
Finding someone you can live with and still do this is even better 
It's 12:30AM.
I now know what I'm gonna do in 15 minutes
Either you don't live in an apartment, or you're my upstairs neighbor.
Rock out with your cock out. 
TIL of bot4bot. If you comment « u/bot4bot » followed by a user’s username, it will give you stats about the user. Try it out!
My profile data: u/bot4bot biofrosted
How long does it usually take until he answers?
There you go, my report is ready 
u/bot4bot NoLifeHere
If you didn’t get it, try your name in Lower case 
u/bot4bot kaineoramarov
I'll try: u/bot4bot XRaketo
u/bot4bot PM__ME__YOGURT__PICS
Can someone accompany me during this lonely hours on this really uncomfortable wedding?
Are you at the wedding right now, or the reception?
Kinda both 
Is there a band or a DJ?
DJ its playing 80s classics as ballads, it was so weird listeting to a slow chamaleon
is it an open bar?
I WISHHH 
dear lord
god have mercy on your soul
I think it’s time for you to let loose and dance......
I haven't travelled in over a decade and was going to cancel my trip due to anxiety. I have just spent my first 24 hours in the States visiting from London and so glad that I didn't cancel :)
Welcome! =D
America/US/both? 
Welcome to America! 😀
In the US it's theater
;-)
Eurgh! That's so wrong! 😉 
Or “to the movies”, if you say just to the theater that’s weird.
A coworker just discovered my previous Reddit username and I had to delete my account. I was in the five-year club. And not I'm starting afresh.
That stinks.        
I, too, enjoy the privacy aspect of being somewhat anonymous. 
Haha, yeah, it does kinda stink. But I'm feeling positive about being a chocolate zen banana :) 
I just looked at your username - well done, you. 
Thank you! :D
We bananas must stick together!
God forbid we ever split! 
What if your coworker sees this post and knows this is your new name now?!?! 
regularly use reddit nuke chrome plugin + make new accounts regularly
Let's upvote this so that OP's friend puts two and two together and figures out who they are!
You have my upvote... Here's to a fresh start!
What’s made you happy recently?
Just when i can cheer someone else up
Wanna give the cheering someone up thing a go?
I wanna know what makes you happy!
Playing carss with my aunty
Tea and food pretty much 
I really don't talk to people much...
I am 18 years old, gay, never told my parents, never will. 
I got hit by a car when biking to school but I just got up and kept walking
I am the only person in my immediate family who is sexually attracted to men
I purposely fart as loudly as I can just for the sake of trolling. 
A real life love story
I was hooked until the end that you and the dude were going to end up together. Good story.
It's been a year since I discovered you Reddit, and I love it
Agreed. Spending more time here and a lot less time on my toxic Facebook newsfeed.
Indeed!
Love your karma level too exactly at 365. A Karma a day keeps the doctor away!
Hadn't noticed! Hahaha
(I'm stealing your phrase btw)
Aye man same. I got 23 days left till my cake day and I’m looking forward to it.
I'v been here for 5 years and I hate it.
Stay away from the toxic subs and it's a good time. 
I've been here for nine years.
Oh... 
oh, no... 
Can we be cake day friends?
Where is everyone from?
Texas!
Same!
That’s awesome lol 
California 
Son’s dance lessons.
Dude, I wish you were my dad.
You want to learn the floss son?
If kids do the floss in the U.K. , it’s considered a sign of abuse. 🙄
MARRY ME?
I'm extremely happy with my 9–5 job.
I'm happy that you're happy. (:
im happy that you're happy for his happiness!!
Does anyone else feel that it’s a bit unfortunate that rainbows have become the symbol for LGBTQ+?
Wtf? LGBTQ? The fuck is Q for?
Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender and Q....what?
What's a really small thing that makes you happy?
People label me as eccentric (mad) genius and look at me strangely~( ´•︵•` )~
Blasting my favourite music when Im driving the car, and singing along. Makes me feel very free.
What's your favourite car song? 
What games have you been playing lately?
Shadow of war. Got it cheap, diggin it
Osu, Neverwinter, Left 4 Dead 2, and Blade and Soul
Single player games?
Graveyard Keeper.
ohhh its on steam, ill definitely look into this then 
Came out, a few days ago. It's good fun.
I have the most expensive hobbies...
I collect models, art books, and tabletop rpg books. I understand the pain!
What kind of models?
Oh yeah. Golf, photography, flying planes, audiophile...
I love your flair!! 
I'm getting married this year and I'm continually amazed at what people think they can talk to you about
This is why my husband and I eloped! 
So you having kids right away or what 
If shes 37 also then yeah clocks tickin buddy
When I say “don’t do it” and “run!” It’s a joke. Don’t be such a hardo. 
Why do you hate your lover so much?
I don’t? She’s in on the joke too.
I made an egg and I'm so proud of myself!
I came from a very similar environment. Don't feel bad! Baby steps, my friend. 
Fried, scrambled or poached?
Omelet definitely. 
Aww yes! Hope you enjoyed it. 
Board at work. Let's play Truth or Dare.
Where is one place you never been but would drop everything to go to?
Us, never been there would love to go but its very expensive and long flight
Any city in particular?
Lemme say a dare- Order me a pizza from Pizza Pizza (Canada) and deliver for free
I don't think that's how this works. 
uNmmmmMmmMmMmmMmMmmMMmMn honey its a dare
But I didn't pick dare. 
:/ frick
Where would you bury treasure if you never wanted someone to find it?
my Dad's farm. he has 50 acres. lots of hidey holes. 
get the shovels boys. 
LOL truth me again
what is something you lost and wish you had back?
ask me week ago and I would have said yes but with what I have learned I have turned a corner. 
interesting
it has been a weekend of events
sounds like it.
truth me =) 
I’m having a slow day here as well, I’ll pick truth
where do you work?
At a Genealogical Society (family trees n shit) as a research assistant/attendant
What makes you special?
hmm I don't think there's anything special about me, lol
Board at work. Lets play truth or dare.
Alright i'll start i choose truth
What do you want to accomplish most within the next 10 years? 
Let's go :D I choose truth xD 
If you could watch any movie again for the first time what would it be?
Okay. Let's have a dare. Nothing too brutal, please.
Show us your favorite outfit.
good morning everyone !! tell me what are going to do today :D
Today is the day of my test to get my license to drive cars
Wish me luck, please!
I'm 100% sure you are going to pass the test, I'M WITH YOU !! 
Work,eat, gym, basket, cry, shower, eat.
repeat? xD 
Celebrate my cake day! 
Happy cake day dude !!!! 
Coffee, cigarettes and waiting for today to end. 
it seems lonely...
People are fascinating. Tell me about yourself!
I'm an older guy on Reddit.  It's surreal sometimes.  I'm a systems engineer in the us.
Tell me about your small/big victories of the day!
I got my 3 yr old to take her medicine. Lol. Trust me. Not easy
Am finally 100% over my ex and have recently been talking to a great and sweet girl. 
My husband just ran upstairs where I was writing an essay. He was holding a loaded bong and a loaded bubbler, which he set down on the table in front of me. He ripped off his pants and shirt and yelled, “Sunday Funday motherfucker, let’s go!”
Honestly this could have gone one way or the other 
Yeah if my partner got in the way of my schooling it would be fucking over, and vice versa. 
Do you smoke weed? 
I need a girlfriend that will smoke with me 
Degenerate
degenerates
I'm a straight dude, but I would like to know, is your husband single?
I wish someone loved me
That someone is you
Let's play a game and spread some positivity🌸 [See text]
You have a really cute laugh 
I really got confused but let's try, I love your hair 
Twelve years ago today, when I was 25, I joined Reddit. I'm 37 now.
Happy cake day. So much happens in life, nothing is trivial. 
Incredible read! Much love!!
Out of curiousity what illnes is it?
And now I’m crying. 
Thank you for sharing this. 
I love your amazing soul *hugs*
&gt;I still do not have a real career.
I mean, is silversmithing not your full time job?
Hello random internet person
My problem is I'm a loser so no girl could ever like me. 
I'm listening to Spotify's All out 80's playlist and I'm loving every second of it!
Well I think we can all agree that the 80’s have the best music. 
I like 80s music, but for some reason I enjoy 60s and 70s music far more.
Try the 60s next man. Shits good.
Definitely. Got any specific songs/artists? Wait is Elvis from the 60's - 70's?
Making friends as an adult is hard.
Meetup!! Try it
Or a Reddit meetup
I'm 43 and I have 0 friends. Probably it's something that comes with the age
My bf is the best
What a lovely story this has made my day 
Sounds great!
i aspire to be like your boyfriend, can you send a pic of him for comparison ?
Lmao
Had someone. But didn't feel the same about her unluckily. Now I wish I did better back then. 
Had someone. She didn't feel the same about me :/
If you like it then you should put a ring on it. 
No seriously, it'll surprise him. Go for it.
ask him to marry you 
I’ve gotten a few of these suggestions...I may do this. Hmmmm...
I'm taking a midnight train and have nothing to do
Amtrak sucks. Where you headed? 
Actually I'm from Europe so no Amtrak, but I'm heading to my parents for the weekend. 
Oh thank jebus
It's 5 pm and I'm here about to make a grilled cheese sandwich.
It’s Friday! What plans do you all have for the weekend?
Playing games and hmmm playing more games xd
Work lmao
I kinda wanna have 2 day weekends again
Favorite bands/musicians?
syd matters for sure
OMG the Life is Strange soundtrack I listen to religiously. Talented guy 
yesss have you listened to a whisper and sigh? one of my favorite albums by Syd matters.
I'm trying to get over my shyness, wanna help me out?
Are you self-esteemed?
You talk to me instead then!
Without saying your state, what are the most common license plates you see in your state?
Ontario 
New York?
Wisconsin and south Dakota. 
Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware, and a lot of Canadian plates. 
Michigan? 
Nevada 
Or Washington
It's kind of a split.
Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Washington. 
Can we go with slightly common? Those would be Quebec and New York.
Vermont? 
Mostly Florida
New York and Massachusetts.  It's pretty easy to guess.
When you hear of the state North Carolina, what first pops into your head?
The Carolina Hurricanes
Bad restaurants.
I learned about TL;DR from reddit and used it in a really long work email, now everyone in the company is doing it too.
Congratulations on causing a shift in a real world world social dynamic. You should be proud.
Seriously! This is wicked cool.
Someone is from Boston
Wicked smaaaht. 
Nope! My grandparents are from Rhode Island. Their slang has just rubbed off on me over time. 
New England represent!
I'm not from New England though... What should I do?
GFY
Sincerely, 
Masshole 
No, fuck YOU!
- another masshole
Fascinating thing. 
I read your post 3 times before I realized you used the word world twice.
Why were you reading it so many times?
Thank you my dude! It was not at all intended, but it is super cool that it happened.
Why waste time, say lot *word* when *few word* do trick?
When me president, they see. They see.
Fight the power and put the TL;DR at the beginning.
The only problem with doing that is the whole comment becomes the TL;DR
This is supposed to be an ironic universe, so ...
a universe that does things just to be ironic?
Did I just walk into /r/worldbuilder
Still waiting for tl;dw to take off. 
Too long; didn't watch. 
You mean movie trailers?
How does it feel being a hero?
Not bad! I'm currently shopping for capes. 
I know what it means, but what does TL;FR stand for?
Probably just a typo of TL;DR? I've never seen that before. 
Oh yeah I meant tldr
What’s your guilty pleasure?
Some lorazepam and a cool beer. Then I binge watch old series while slowly dozing off. 
Early Britney Spears.
My loneliness is killing me 
and I....
I must confess 
I still belieeeeeeeeveayaeay
STILL BELIIIIIIIEEEEEEVE!!!!!!!!
When I’m not with you I lose my mind 
I don't wanna say, it's way too embarrassing
I love that I can use reddit socially unlike other social media sites.
Be careful of echo chamber subreddits.
May I ask what echo chamber subreddits are? 
After sending out well over 1000 resumes in the last 3 years I finally have an interview!
That’s awesome!! Update us if you get the job!
I've been eating McDonald's for lunch for over a month straight.
They do 'triple' cheeseburgers in America? Damn, England's McDonalds only goes to double.
Thank god we ain’t a part of England anymore.
But if you take the survey on the receipt, you get a free quarter pounder
Anyone else feels like making friends gets more and more awkward and difficult as time goes by?
You wanna try it at 50! 
50! ? That's older than our universe.
Yup. I’m 29 and haven’t found a solution. Good luck. 
28 here. Same boat.
Did we all just become best friends?
Ask me a question and I'll answer and give you an question in return!
What is your favorite kind of weather?
Do you have any tattoos?
No, I don't. What about you? Also, if you could have one super power, what would you choose? 
A southern coworker is trying to explain to the office that recycling is bad.
Oh wow. Is she also a flat earther? I’ve never heard of someone who genuinely thinks that way. 
Well if her friend Becky said the earth is flat on Facebook, then by golly it must be true! /s
Oh noooooo. Thanks terrifying to know it’s possible to think like that 😩
People like this vote. That’s terrifying
That is scary. Also, reminder that these people have a vote in society!
What does the south have to do with this? That seems completely irrelevant.
Because that's where she's from?
As an undergraduate in a geology program, this is scary and slightly infuriating. 
I can here the ignorance in their southern drawl from here.
I hate answering where're you from?
where u from doe
So, where're you from?
You ever listen to a song 67,987 times before a lyric finally clicks in your brain?
Yeah whenever I’m listening to rap
Why do I still feel exhausted in thr morning even when I get enough sleep?
I feel the same, I find I do better when I have a more solid sleep routine.
I generally do have a solid sleep routine except for weekends.
Weekends always mess me up too 
Oh yeah. I will stay up late on a weekend if I'm awake enough to do so, and then sleep in.
Sometimes I wish video games were real
I wonder what Minecraft would be like in real life.
An acid trip.
That would be awesome
Oh wait wolfenstien 
Agreed!
Oh wait borderlands
See now that sounds fun
Oh wait resident evil 
There'd be so much possibilities
Oh wait bloodbourne
I couldn't think of anything more horrible
Oh wait Roblox 
Sounds like life would be easier
Ah Fack Dead Space
Have you tried playing on survival? It's hard but a different kind of hard, I love it
I've played so much Fallout 4 that I can't get into it anymore without mods.
I'm doing vanilla. I beat the main campaign so now I'm doing the dlc.
It's boring without mods.
When is the last time you cried, and why?
A couple hours ago.Ending of the film Gate of Hell.
Pick any topic and ill try to chat about it with you for as long as possabile
Whats your thoughts on handshakes?
Let’s talk about Pisces! 
What are you drinking today?
Coke Zero and coffee
Nice, nice. How do you take your coffee?
With Skim milk. 
Nice. I prefer tim Horton’s ice Capp mocha to hot coffee.
Advice for College?
Don't stick your dick in crazy.
Lmao I’m a girl so this won’t be a problem but thanks anyways! 
Learn to cook quick
you mean like ramen? lol 
Don't forget toast. 
Does anyone else start typing a comment on reddit then halfway through end up discarding it and not bothering, almost every time?
Haha totally. Sometimes I write something and realize oh fuck actually .. nevermind. 
me but without the word fuck haha
most of th
Exactl
m
Oh I just thou
My thoughts exac
Oh no it’s spre
Reddit proves once again that I never have an original thought
Sam
Who’s Sa
Any albums / artists you adore?
Weird AL is awesome. 
Give me three words (or a short phrase) and I'll doodle it.
Three happy Rottweilers
inb4 Harry Potter
I’m in a restaurant with my family and everyone is on their phone so I figured I’d pull mine out as well.
I text my family when we’re seating at the same table to annoy them...
I'm Indian and it makes me glad to see people enjoy the cuisine! 
Come to the UK! Indian food is basically our national dish now :) so good
Which Indian restaurant?
East is east 
Anyone else feel unpaid internships should be illegal?
It’s slavery with extra steps. 
Don't light roaches on fire
How did lighting something with legs on fire seem like a good idea?
I may or may not have been high.
So you lit up two roaches that night?
Baby.
Is killing a living thing so cruelly a good idea?
Roaches need to die more than other things.
When they become sentient, you're fucked.
I am in the mood to blow $500 dollars
Go to a bar and buy everyone a few rounds.
I totally would but I'm 20 and in the US
Ha US drinking age is so fucked up
Cheese.
Get an escort and have some fun 
Send me three emojis and we’ll make a short story out of it
👅🐐👅
👉🏻👌🏻💦
👌👈🏻😍
Stop flirting w me
I showed my favorite band to someone and they said the music is “creepy”.
Beck
Beck is awesome
Parents: please teach stuff to your kids
Your initial judgement is a really weird way to look at a family spending time together.
Lol I know!
How is that funny?
Tbh if it's EVERY EVENING and without taking a break it does seem weird to me
How? Kids love playing outside 
So i run everyday, would you think i am snooty? kinda sounds like you're a fat POS
Does anyone miss the golden era of game apps without all distracting ads
Ah why is this so nostalgic for me?! It was like 3 or 4 years ago and yes it was a simpler time
more than 3-4 years, more like 10 years lol
Can’t say that I do. Now it just means you have to do more digging to find the good games. 
Anybody have any recommendations for games?
her story
the room (series)
framed
little inferno
Just bought little inferno. Thanks!
I got downvoted because I said I don’t have a favorite type of cheese...
Colby Jack!
See?! It’s a hard decision! So many good choices. 
Ugh, like choosing your favorite child...
Idk... that's pretty easy for my parents!
I’m hoping that you’re the favorite🤞🤞
I feel like cheese is not a casual conversation topic.
K. 
I’m decently drunk. What’s going on in your lives ?
I'm Bored as hell atm ugh :/
My 11 yo daughter’s heart is broken upon realizing there is no such thing as a baby butterfly...
this is so innocent omg
I mean, she also likes heavy metal &amp; mosh pits, so she’s not an angel. 
I found out today the whole human race almost became extinct about 70,000 years ago and my mind is blown.
Fuck so close
Guess we are all lucky our ancestors made the cut.
speak for yourself, I have to work tomorrow 
6% of the humans that have ever lived are alive right now. 
Do they mean that 6% of homo sapiens (modern humans) are alive or just homo's (humans)?
No homo bro 
Get that sweet sweet karma
All 12 of it 
I just got recommended the most fucked up video while watching YouTube
Link?
Someone get the link!
trust me u DONT want that link 
I just watched it, gave me chills. That kind of shit should be illegal
Ik right. The end actually made me sick.
I need bleach for my eyes... and my soul.
What was that *thing next to the mother. Behind the couch sorta hidden in shadow
Id love to even know what it is
why won’t anyone describe what is happening in the video? 
hah, this is a nice prank OP :D
If this was a prank it is very fucked up...
but there's no link : /
I just flew first class for the first time recently, I think I'm addicted
Business class is fabulous already. To think first class!
Who's your favorite actor?
Queen Angelina Jolie
Tom Hanks
I only remember him from Toy Story, voice of Woody
Do any of you have some [SWF] hobby or collection that is unusual or generally innocuous you want to share?
My mother collects mini pigs and whenever I’m on vacation I try to bring her one
Football season to start.... 
On Sunday, my first flight in over two years
I'm looking forward to a date tomorrow!
Oohh....First date, or non-first date? And what are you doing?
Drink! Drink! Drink!
Jack daniels 
I really really like it when I smile at a stranger and they smile back.
You must be a girl. If I did this I'd get home to find a twitter campaign against my existence. 
If OP isn't a girl, then he must be good looking or something. 
Worst thing you have ever cooked or baked?
Can't remember exactly. But it had 5 spice in it. That shit ruins everything.
Oh god, the horrors of five spice.
To anyone struggling, You can do it.
To anyone telling me this, no I can't! Rebel against the believers!
I’m not entirely sure what to make of this...
So... I *will* one day get a victory in Fortnite?
I got a CPAP machine yesterday and used it for the first time last night. Holy cow.
What mask type do you have?
How old are you? I'm 28. Is it possible to have this at 28?
My wife just gave birth to a handsome baby boy.
Don't get him circumsized. 
People are so great
Wouldn't specifically say unique, but I don't shower w/ the lights on lol
I can do the worm with my eyebrows. 
I can move my scalp and ear without using my hands.
Today I learned that you eat popcorn microwaved....
Have you heard of potatoes?
In Latvia we heard of potato, but not taste. 
How old are you? Just so I have an idea of how long this took.
17 years
Did your parents know you didnt know what popcorn was
I honestly have no idea. Will ask them tomorrow. 
Have u ever seen kettle corn at a fair?  Its so good! 
Is anyone starting something new?
A new school for the third time! Ready to suffer!!!!!
I suffer every day
Just got a deaf Kitty and he needs a name.
i think Jobim is a great name for a cat.
What about naming them after a famous deaf person?
Leppard. Definitely Leppard.
My brother fell in the toilet and it was hilarious.
This is why I always check before sitting down, even when alone. Lol
How do you fall in a toilet wtf 
Step 1: Leave toilet seat up
Step 2: Attempt to use toilet
Step 3: Fall to your death
How big is your toilet 
Woah slow down there, at least by a girl dinner before you start talking toilet size.
Olive Garden it is 
Literally how do you fall into the toilet?
Not looking before you sit.
Hey everyone
Anything??????????!?!!!!?????? 😏
I need an adult...
Today I met someone who’d never heard of my country
This Is America 
Don’t catch you slippin up
Sorry, could you elaborate? What do you mean by this *exactly*? 
free karma. just post it anywhere america is mentioned
Lol I don't even know why I'm getting downvoted.
There are Americans who don’t know certain US states... Don’t take offense.
As a Pakistani, I wish people didn't know about my country. 
-I am from Sweden.
-I love  cheese and clocks.
*facepalm
I am moving to NL in a week!
I'm from Romania and the only things other people know about it is that we have Dracula lmao.
I thought he was from Transylvania
Do you listen to any music that's in a language you don't know?
German, Portuguese, Japanese.
Any particulars from each I should listen to? 
What kind of music do actually like though?
How to get a girl’s attention: Uber Edition
Let me know about the end of this story. 
I put a song on repeat for 45 minutes and my friends didn’t notice.
wow, thanks for the awesome idea. 
No worries. Please let me know how it goes. Of course it has to be at background level! 
Try What's New Pussycat next time 
Do you have a creative hobby?
Learning and practicing foreign languages :-)
Have you tried to make your own language? I've heard this is also an hobby
What are you having for tea tonight?
Steak with some potatoes and veggies, pretty classic, but really tasty.
Any sauce? Sounds great!
Just had ham and leek wellington with potato dauphinoise.
Oooh. I love the sound of that. Meat free Monday?
It's nice to know that not all men are seen as pedophiles or rapists.
I hope you actually gave that response to the misguided woman at work. 
I just wanted to share how pleased and proud of myself I am for losing weight and coming on leaps and bounds in social anxiety.
YEESSS!!! DUDE YES! THIS IS AMAZING!!!
Do you think there are any celebrities on Reddit just blending in anonymously?
Oh, you can be almost certain of that. 
Right? Seems like they need Reddit more than I do. 
We do.
Kanye? Is that you?
That would be telling.
bo burnham mentioned in his AMA a few days ago that he lurks Reddit..
Everybody replying to this is probably a secret celebrity.
This post is my cover for this alt. Maybe. Maybe not. 
Probably would have saved Roseanne Barr's career.
Is having a lot of karma considered being a celeb?
Kevin Durant
That sounds like something a celebrity might ask...
Yes, im morgan freeman
Nice to meet you mr Freeman I loved your work in Pulp Fiction
Hello this is Tom Hanks. 
Hello I am typewriter 
Probably, and I hope that they are. Fame ain’t shit, I’m so happy being a nobody. 
What are you looking forward to this upcoming week?
A radiology internship at my uncles practice!
Work! We got a new supervisor who actually know what the fuck they are doing 
I feel like awsering questions. I answer anything and respond to everyone
What's your favorite childhood memory?
What's your most extravagant coffee order?
would you ever consider going vegan?
Nah. I eat meat everyday. I cant eat most veggies. Id die.
If you could have one super power, what would it be?
The origin of “far out dude” is from surfers who surfed far out into shore (a challenging feat) and were admired by other surfers who then would compliment them by saying “far out dude”.
Man, i was excited just there. I really want this to be true now.
Even if it’s not, I’m sticking to this from now on
Well, no one can dispute you i guess.
I thought it started from hippies 
Is there a subreddit for these types of facts?
I Love customization in video games
I think I spend more time customizing my Tekken characters than playing as them.
What do you eat for breakfast?
Eggs, apples, pears, milk, a protein shake, and maybe some sort of vegetables or protein. 
Coffee and a croissant. Every single day for 2 years now. 
when i eat breakfast at work - its 2 hardboiled eggs and an avocado.
Easy and protein-y!!👍🏼
After being subscribed to the photoshopbattles subreddit for over 6 months I finally figured out how it works.
Wait, that's a thing?
All good dude, the first few days I was subbed to nosleep, I thought it was only for real events
&gt;**8.Everything is true here, even if it's not.**
Didn't you read the sidebar? 
Thoughts on anime
I love hentai
What a coincidence! me, too! Any recommendations? 
Don't watch too much TV. Really want to get into anime, but I don't know where to start with it.
Samurai Champloo and My Hero Academia are amazing
I started with Death Note.
Oh, now that does sound quite interesting.
Played fire tennis 
Fire tennis?
Regular tennis but the ball is lathered in lighter fluid and lit - pretty chill
.. that's a real thing?!
Last night was my last night 
Hahaha that's crazy man, summer camp of some sort? What country are you from?
meh
I'm sorry to hear that man 
it got better 
I'm glad :) I've had a pretty good day
Feel like you need to unload something on your mind? Or just want to chat?
Hello. Did you come to chat? Or did you want to pry into my life for fun?
I'm not really sure why I'm here. 
Do you like cheesecake?
Yes, very much so. U?
OMG yes. I eat at least one a day.
I would but im to lazy to buy them that often lol.
The trick it to buy in bulk and have a dedicated freezer.
Lol nice. Id have to get a bigger freezer. 
I’m so scared to take my first ACT
I never had to take that thankfully. Ya just study up and hopefully you do well on it.
Your top 3 songs right now?
1 lemaitre rocket girl
2 lemaitre not too late
3 dj ten the inner voice (the remix) 
Anyone need advice from an old man?
I retired at 54 also ... 22 years ago.
But I ain't giving no free advice.
Kind of a stupid question but fuck it, what do you think about marijuana ?
How do i deal with becoming old one day (not that you're *that* old)
Best song ever? Go.
Can I PM you about career advice? I just don’t wanna lay it all out in public LoL 
I miss my Dad. It's my birthday tomorrow. Can you just wish me a happy birthday?
Whats the craziest thing you've done in your life?
The list is long. Do you need any advice? 
Have you found your purpose? 
How do I invest money old man. I'm 19, have officially 300$ saved up and am poor
What should I know as I turn 30?
Hm, I just turned 16 and would like to know how to ask out a girl without being nervous.
How can a twenty something year old become more confident?
Should I drink when going out at age 16, while I’m planning to go to uni? Is it worth it?
Does anyone else feel like the internet is just too toxic now?
Who knew giving people a platform to speak with anonymity would bring out their true nature
Are you talking about me? Because my guilty conscious tells me you are. 
What is one food that you just don't understand why people like it?
Pumpkin anything!
You take that back. 
Parsnips are gross. Walnuts are nasty. Olives. 
Rocky Mountain Oysters 
Strawberries! Ugh.
Nuts.
So unappealing. It's like chewing wood. 
What movies you think is worth watching, and something all of us should watch?
the fabulous destiny of amélie poulain
Dang, I never heard of that movie XD
Listen to me: American Beauty 
I heard of that, but never seen it. Is it just American Beauty or is Listen to me part of it?
Star Wars. Enough said. If you haven't seen it, go watch it. Right now.
Got it XD Will definitely watch it
Spirited Away! Hayao Miyazaki is a watercolor MASTER
Is it an anime movie then?
Okay, will watch it since I do like anime XD
Met a pretty woman at a dog park. A few days later she was there again. That night I installed a dating app and she was the first person it recommended to me.
She.gonna be your wife
OP save this comment
God that period is going to kill in a wedding speech.
Dramatic pause 
#*she.*
Be sure to thank your FBI agent!
Auntie Sam is watching you! 
Federal Buereau of Insightful [Fulfilling Everlasing Love]??
Federal Bureau of Intimacy?
Federal Bureau of Interrelationships?
I met my husband at the dog park! It's a cool meeting story. 
If the house of your dreams was suddenly available for half the price, but the previous family had been slain in it, would you still buy?
Exercise the house and send the slain family back to hell!
Got anything that's coming up soon in your life?
I'm going home in 2 days from a 5 week vacation
Hey I'm checking in as the post mentioned. How was your home coming?
I'm excited to start uni again! :) 
What do you have to do to get a Reddit gold?
Tell me a good joke. Not a long, maybe mildly offensive.
Do you know who Helen Keller was?
Are you posting this in vain hopes that people will give any to you?
Pick a topic. I will try to chat with you as long as i can about that topic.
Dogs!
Im a dog guy. I have had one most of my life. There like my couch buddies. You got one?
What is your favorite thing about me go
This is the first time I’m drunk redditing. What should I be doing instead?
Swimming
r/drunk
I didn’t know that was a thing. I should have figured.
r/ofcoursethatsathing hahahaha
Hahahha:) man, I hope you’re having a really, really good night:)
I am! hahah how about you?:)
Good!! Druuunk. It’s also still
Light out!
If I were to guess...  
I would say the lie is that...  
Your car is not green.
Yes. Now, what are yours Two truths and a lie?
I live on my own  
I like pineapple pizza.  
I'm from the US
Pineapple Pizza - Lie!
I finally got over 500 karma!
Good for you! Here's one more :)
Thank you! ☺️
Here ya go bud! 
Thanks! 😉
here’s some more my man! 
Here's more, my ... umm lady?
Wait, how do you have that blue phrase after your reddit user ID?!
Subreddit Flair, are you on mobile?
Well I hope people give you 500 more so you can be extra happy!
409 now, I downvotedyou lol. ONLY JOKING, I’ve added one upvote !
Haha thanks, bloke! 
Maybe you'll get 1000 karma today
Maybe... Everyone has been upvoting and it's over 700 now!
Fake internet points never felt so good haha 
That's for sure lol
You now have over 7k
I know, it's pretty intense lol
One time I got 3K karma for one comment
That's awesome!
That comment alone makes up more than half of my karma...
Idk how but I have almost 8k and I’ve barely been here for half a year
I can't believe how amazing everyone is! I have about 2300 karma now. I feel so loved 😊
Dude that’s really cool, happy for you!
I don't understand why people give a 💩 about karma points?   It's just as ghey as FB likes.   
I have 8K the last time i checked
Awesome. I think I gave you an upvote the other day on something. I remember your username lol
I got a lucky post to the top page so I have a lot of karma that I probably don't deserve 
I'm sure you do :)
You're jumping over all the milestones now :D
I know, I'm so excited lol
I've upvoted all your comments on this and all your posts, you're welcome ;).
Don't look at my account, I'm ashamed at how long I've been here and how much karma I have
I disobeyed and looked. I think over 6k a year is a good amount of karma
Don't let karma control your time on this site. It ruins the fun
Here's one more OP
You got 6k karma now. Congrats!
Thanks! I'm still so surprised that this is happening
I have 0 and don't know why, help :|
Great.. recently I got too.. I was so happy I shared it with my ex..
I still can't get enough karma to post on r/hiphopheads Lol 
The first thousand is the hardest, the rest cold pretty easily
It's weird how that happens
Stolen content... I hope u get bamned from all subs u theif... Trash!
Thats awesome! Congrats!
And how do you have gold already? You joined yesterday
I bought gold....
Im on a couple hour roadtrip downstate
Are you ignoring your fellow carmates?
I hope you aren't the one in the driver's seat, fiddling with your phone?
Nope, everyone shoved me in the back seat:/
Everyone? Who's with you?
My mother and my siblings
Have you been taken against your will to visit a distant relative?
More then once, yes, it's bad
Look for an opening and run for it!
It's difficult, all eyes are on me
I got called man today
You're lucky in older than you and people still call me young man or a kid :'( 
yea my height might be the main reason 
Whats your hight ?
185 cm, reeeeeeally close to 6'1
who just says look at that man over there ? What's the context here lol.
Hello everyone
Good evening 
It's morning here, but wish you a good evening :)
After 8 hours, I think it should be evening for you. Hence, good evening.
Thanks! Didn't see that one coming. Good morning for you, I think?
And in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night.
Hello, Confident Mushroom. Aptly named.
The best part of reddit are the *hidden subs*
hidden subs?
Hey there! I like your username
All I know is I don't need more tea, but i just ordered some actually lol. 
I need to talk about anything 
Alright, what's on your mind?
Mostly pain just got my wisdom teeth out 
Tops? Bottoms? Both? 
I had mine out a few weeks ago. Glad I got it done
Both. The end of summer is looming closer so the inaction is killing me.
Go take the Painkillers and go find some Ice cream? 
I need someone I can talk to when Im drunk.
//Drunk
Alright, let's talk
Forrest Gump was released when i was 10 or 11. It took me wayyy too long to realize this..
 I didn’t understand his mom banged the principle until I rewatched it as an adult. 
I understood that part, but I didn't understand the noises Forrest made at the guy when he left.
Wasn't he repeating the guys sex noises
Tell me something good that's happened to you this week.
Not happened yet but its my pals bday tomorrow and we're going out
 I got an interview for a high paying job!
I don't remember, actually 
I’m just so bored with my life right now.
Have you play with the dog? 
Dog is currently asleep between my legs, she’s full fat and happy atm 
You and SO in a fight or something?
Nope there is just a lot of apathy flowing these days unfortunately, it’ll get better. 
I answer using six words. Hello!
What's your opinion on the purpose of life?
Be good to others and yourself 
Explain cryptocurrency
Internet money without a centralized service
You could smush the last 4 words into “decentralized” and have 3 more words fam 
Favorite genre of music?
Classic Rock, EDM, and rap 
Hey that's 5 words.
Do you believe in aliens, friend?
There’s probably *some* life out there
Have you considered making your username 6 words only? 
what are your top seven favorite words?
I like the Seven Dirty Words 
god damn you're good shake my internet hand please
How about a fist bump instead? 
🏳️‍🌈how🏳️‍🌈gay🏳️‍🌈are🏳️‍🌈you🏳️‍🌈?🏳️‍🌈
I’m the seven replies only bad guy
you go girl! more power to you
Sorry mate, but I’m a grown man.  
yes that’s what I expected
Reddit games
Oh! Pick me!
I dont even need to go through your history, I can already tell you're usually sad.
Oh man please pick me
Oh through my comments / post you may think I am a n asshole be warned 😅
german, ~19/m, into photography?
I would love to give this game a try😊👍
- girl
- lesbian or bi!
- into tennis, golf, other sports?
idk much else you're a tough one lol
You are....a mid 20s indian girl living in the US?
Who's your favorite Superhero from Marvel, DC, Anime, and more?
Deadpool.
Ooo, I forgot about Deadpool! By the way, the movie was AWESOME!
I loved both movies!
I haven't watched Deadpool 2 yet! But I really want too!
I don't enjoy a lot of comic type folks, but deadpool I find absolutely hilarious.
I **love** him.
Itachi Uchiwa, because Genjutsuuuuuu !!!
Nice! From Naruto! 
Yeah ^^
Naruto is pretty cool though. 
I prefer Itachi ^^ I love so much Genjutsu 
I know, I meant the series. I should of said Naruto series and not just Naruto XD
Marvel: Captain America and/or Spider-Man
DC: Batman
Anime: Sasuke Uchiha
Nice! Sasuke is my third favorite character in Naruto
My 10 year old daughter was there for me yesterday when no one else was.
Who put these onions here T_T
For your information there’s an inflammation in my tear gland T_T
I'm not crying you're crying.
what a sweetheart, she will grow up well. all the best in parenting. 
Thank you :) She is a sweetheart 
Wait, is that movie out already?
This is why I won’t have kids. They’re like abusive partners you can’t break up with.
So, she’s the adult? Shame on you.
Shame on you for putting people down when you know they already struggle with negativity. 
How do you like your eggs?
Scrambled with cheese.
What kind of cheese??
4 eggs over easy with 4 slices of toast. Thanks. 
Coming right up! Toast blackened, golden brown, barely singed...?
over-easy with hot sauce ontop of slice of ham.
Ooh, bringing in the meats! I like it. We talkin smoked ham? Canadian bacon? Cold cuts?
Fried or Fertilized?
Here's your upvote, good sir. You couldn't have phrased my title better! :D
Scrambled with some salsa on top 
I need friends
I'll be your friend :) 
Thank you! How are you these days? 
Im fine. What about you ? 
I can talk for a while. What do you want to talk about?
Dealer’s choice
I don't have any ideas, I'm a terrible conversationalist.
Haha, okay— how do you feel about turtles?
They're cool, but snapping turtles are terrifying.
I'll be your friend! 
You can talk to me! It would be a pleasure :)
Awe! Thanks Neko! I appreciate that. How are you today?
Actually, I feel good, which is rather strange. How about you?
I’m alright I suppose. I’m here, so that’s good. Glad you’re feeling good today. :)
i wanna make another playlist with you guys!
Orion by Metallica
i actually wanted three songs but you're the first song on the playlist!
I like this idea!
-The Cars - Drive
-Miss Derringer - Black Tears
-The Killers - Losing Touch
OMG THE FIRST SONG!!!!!!!!! 
!!!! Such a good night driving song 
1. Kendrick Lamar's Humble
2. EARTHGANG's Meditate ft JID 
3. Big K.R.I.T.'s Big Bank
I'll admit it...
Tea over... coffee..? 
I hate cheesecake.
I hate potatoes.
me too! I can’t stand them and everyone thinks I’m insane because of it
I’m a furry 
Full fursuit?
Meta confession: I hate R Kelly as a person but I really love the Ignition remix :(
So I started waking up at 5 AM and I feel like a whole new person lately
It’s 4:20am and I have yet to sleep. 
blaze one and call it a day
Whoosh
NO 
What time do you go to bed if you start doing this? 
This sounds very much like this video titles waking up at 5:00 changed my life 
Can I just say, seeing your pet age is kind of sad :(
It’s a lot more heartwarming than not getting to see your pet age..
I just wish I had the privacy of reading a message without the pressure of responding it just because the other person knows I’ve read it.
Also showing when your typing and stuff, its just uneeded and makes you kind of rush the convo
Who would win:
My nerves and anxiety levels
vs.
three dotty bois
This has bothered me for a long time. I agree 100%.
Yeah, I just decided to stop giving a shit. If the other person judges me for it, whatever. 
So much harder to avoid when it's one of your kids and you have to respond to every.single.word.
Wow, yeah, thankfully I don't have kids (yet?). That's something that didn't even occur to me!
i wont judge you but i will make you wait 35 times as long as you made me wait
You can turn that feature off.
Just turn off your read tag..
You can’t on facebook messenger dude.
Yes you can, I have mine off.
Nope cannot find
Anyone just wanna share something cool or interesting going on in their life?
Nah my life has nothing cool or interesting going on.
Yup me too. Pretty much why I posted this. Just tryna see what’s good with everyone 
Hi everyone, im an french canadian lets talk :)
Canadian here as well. Straight outta Alberta! How’s Quebec?
Hey!!!! (Or is it H’eh...?) 
Meh, Alberta here as well:) 
Nice, Calgary? 
Born and raised! 
Quebec is great, a lot of taxes and anti liberals manifestation but thats om ^^ 
Hello from BC!
I'm lonely and bored and a bit sad. Please talk to me about something cool?
You like sci fi! Have you read Red Rising?
Please check out professional breakdancing, you're doing yourself a disservice if you aren't
Got my glass of wine and feeling relaxed, let's chat!
I have a really dumb song stuck in my head.
The Campfire Song???
Honestly, how weird are your twenties?
I've not been in my 20s that long but even so, it's fucking weird.
I'm from Russia, and I want to communicate!
Hi,I'm from Ecuador. How are things there in Russia? 
Hello Oleg! 
Im from Idaho in the U.S, hows the weather over there?
The heat and fires here really do suck. 
Nice name btw. Are you a student on a budget, or do you just really like noodles? Lol
France here ! How are you ?
I'd rather learn about you than Russia.
Does anyone else think Facebook is getting more and more boring?
To me, its just getting more and more cringy.
facebook lost 150 billion dollars in shares yesterday
What's Facebook?
Tell me about your crush because I want to talk about mine
I have a crush on my ex who dumped me, sigh
*/eats popcorn*/ 
continue please 
I do not have one
I honestly wish I did
My life is boring
yeah life is a little funner when you've got one I recommend it 
Have you talked to this crush?
Yes we've had conversations about vegetarianism, our star signs and Freudian personality types 
You should talk to him about getting pizza together sometime.
&gt;I'll get pizza and we can do our nails
Made me laugh OP, thanks, I needed a good laugh :p
ive never been to a sleepover this is the closest ive ever gotten
Beautiful, loyal, loving, four legs, cute whiskers...it's my cat ok?!
give me a small description of yourself and i’ll give you a nickname!
I eat booty 
Im 18, play guitar, love halo, and just made chicken curry
It's 4 am here. My first son was born 5 hours ago and I can't sleep because I'm so excited.
Hell yeah! Congratulations!!!!
Ta
Mazel tov!!
I'm unfamiliar with this expression... What does it mean?
Congratulations 
Who's the father?
Over a year ago, I offered to create a small poem about any topic you give me. I'd love to give it another go!
A benevolent poltergeist, who likes to help out around the house. 
I won't say Boo!,
Or throw a chair,
I'll leave you flowers,
To show I care.
I, 19 year old, ate cereal for the first time today
Not enough people are aware that cereal is actually a milk sandwich
Had pepperoni pizza for the first time at 21. Never too late!
Yes, but did you poor the milk or the cereal in the bowl first?
Well...I guess one can say you are a cereal killer now.
What are some weird things you are 'scared' of?
Roaches. The way they move, the way they look.
What about something like an isopod?
I had to Google what that was lol. I wish I didn't do that haha.
Bananas 
This is the most weird phobia. Please elaborate. 
I can't talk about it. Even thinking about them terrifies me. 
The world seemed a lot better around the time Pokemon Go was popular
Just thinking that its already been 2 years since it came out is a trip 
I just met my neighbor and cried
One of my neighbors called the cops on me for parking in the street
They are not worthy of a cupcake introduction. 
Yeah, sometimes my cat shits in their yard
Do you know which one, or was it anon?
My neighbor called the cops on me for parking in front of his house. He gets no cupcakes.
That reminds me of Seinfeld.😂
fucking SHIT i need this amount of wholesome
I’ll try to provide more wholesome stories as they come! 
please and thank you!!!!!!
Kon'nichiwa
Wish I knew Nihongo, unfortunately I’m a lame American who only knows English. Bummer!! 
Nani? 
Konran wa nanidesu ka?
Uh... yo comio un lapiz
That's an interesting statement.
Soy muy interisante! 
You spelt the last word wrong.
¯\\\__(ツ)__/¯
I blame high school
I blame school for a lot of things XD
You can say that again.  Burn it down I say! 
The only thing I like about school is seeing my friends.
And who really needs friends anyway XD 
What are the compliments that you receive most often?
Handsome and smart are my most 2 
Lucky you
I've heard I resemble a young Julia Roberts a few times... So I guess that?
Anything clothing related or I get a lot of comments on eyes.
Baby doll face.My voice.
What about your voice?
Makeup. 
Are eyelash extensions super hard to put on? 
I get them done by someone whose trained. They don’t seem hard for them haha. 
How long do they typically last?
Tax 
Just stop it already. Sounds like a bad habit. 
Clothes. And coffee ☕️ 
Not make up and baking?!?
Healthy food. 
Healthy food is Silly expensive. Do you cook alot?
A woman just complimented me for the first time ever, I'm a dude.
Random compliments are the best!
I hope you continue to have a fantastic day!
are you muscular, brown hair, and have a really cool beard ?
No, I'm 6'7, black hair, no beard. 
ah too bad, i saw a man who this happened to, do you by any chance live in CA ?
Nope. Chicago.
yeah i know, how's Chicago this time of the year ?
Wanted to surprise my boyfriend after work…
You two sound good for each other.
I think so too 😁
Who cares about your opinion your just one big pile of shit. 
/r/beetlejuicing ?
Umn, not really.
Omg like it's not ur job to play match maker, gosh 
Aww. What did you do with all the bubble tea? Were you two able to finish all four?
I’m 16 and I’m finally achieving one of my dreams of becoming a pilot!
Congratulations! Do you have any idea of what kind of pilot you hope to become? 
I want to fly for an Airline someday
What’s everyone’s favorite and least favorite vegetable?
Love carrot. Hate cauliflower. Everything else is alright.
Cauliflower tastes like 3 day old dish water tbh
Tell me the worst part of your day and I'll give you a song.
Not being able to sleep at 1 am (thanks to the mes who made me sleep until 4pm or so) 
Just noticed my weight increased by 20 kg in the last three month
My neck is killing me
Having to explain to my school why I need another year of financial aid.
I HATE the summer
I also hate the summer, this heat is just horrifying.
Hah lucky you I literally live in a country where every day of the year it's summer ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Let me draw your art ideas for you
Queen bee sketch with a floral wreath-like circle surrounding it 
I once asked someone else to do this:
A bucket of water with sunglasses on top of a ladder.
you want a bucket full of water wearing sunglasses balancing on a ladder? 
Cat skull with flowers 
Favorite Quotes
Your life begins where your comfort zone ends. - one of my former coworkers
Phillip K Dick Reality is which, when you stop believing in it, it doesnt go away
My husband gets home today!!!!
I hope you didn't cheat on him.
Really??
Was that necessary
Im about to take the last exam of 3rd year software engineering!!
Woohoo!!!
Congrats!!!
Thanks!! I passed with an 8/10! 
Yay!!!!!!
T minus 2 hours and 15 minutes until he walks in the door :)
As I read this message it's been 2 hours you posted it. Jelly! You two have fun :)
You should cheat on him with me ;)
Why are you so in love with your husband? Be honest, and where can I find a girl like you?
Do you think of Stories before going to sleep?
Are the stories with real life people?
No , they're all fictional
Tell me a good story.:)
sorry , I'm not good at storytelling :c
Story of your life?:))
The story of my life is basically doing stuff for others and not for myself lol
What would you like to do for yourself that you haven’t done yet?:)
I'd like to travel abroad and have a place of my own
Would you like to live abroad as well?:)
Does anyone else feel like they have an unusually high sensitivity to music?
We should be like best friends. I feel the exact same way about it. 
Yes, but I have given up attempting to share.
Does anyone absolutely hate the fats/skin in meat?
I’m with a you on the fats, I do like chicken skin though, I don’t know why.
I freaking love skin of my stuff, especially chicken skin. 
but only when its fried or roasted ya? 
Hey, How's it going?
Tired, diabetic, and somewhat moody. I might play Pokémon Heart Gold, but probably not.
I got my prosthetics today!!
Yay! Glad for your speedy recovery and non-stop grinning!
I woke up 🌑
I just realized how far through the summer we are
Don’t remind me
Sorry.
And for some reason, my school starts Aug 11!!! Whyyyyyyyy
School starts in a week and 6 days :( I'm excited and not
Oh gosh, I'm sorry. That's way too close.
Can we just casually talk about being sad?
I think about how i let my youth, my prime, get past without enjoying freedom and life
I liked how I looked when I left my apartment this morning.
Good hair day. 
Ended up going to the hospital for what I thought could be a heart attack, turned out was just constipation. Don't judge me lol.
I take it you don’t live in USA?
I hope to finish one of my acdemic projects, it's just a simple database related website.
Finally applying for jobs after graduating. Hoping to land something soon! 
I’m gonna be honest, I’m already looking forward to breakfast tomorrow. 
Who likes the Beatles?
What do you think is their most underrated song?
For me, it'd have to be either Don't Let Me Down or Oh! Darling.
“Oh! Darling” is absolutely wonderful 
I also like Sun King. But honestly, I like everything the Beatles did. 
“Sun King” is so meditative. I love it!
I’m curious to know people’s favorite Beatles in order?
Ant man and the wasp.
Sadly, it didn't come to our cinemas yet.
Stanley Kubrick's The Shining is my number one favorite movie of all tine.  Incredible film.
I heard about that one, but still haven't seen it.
HEARD of it??? Dude, sit down and watch it.
Man I have a whole list of classics I need to watch, AND MAN IS IT HUGE.
The Shining needs to be first.
Thank you, consider it done.
Predator.
Didn't really think it's someone's favorite movie. 
It's mine.
There everyone being first in something. Just kidding of course.
I know. I have seen it a lot. A lot.
Ahahaha i believe you. Just like I watched The Mummy over 50 times probably.
Is that your favourite?
It's called I Origins. This movie changed my life a little bit.
I heard of that one.
If I had to pick, Forrest Gump
Let's talk about something, literally anything, please I'm horrifically bored
I'm a girl. Now give me your number.
monday funday of 5 q's day!
1: ya
2: all
3: ya
4:I hope 
5: yes
short. answers. 
I’m tired. 
:// aw poor boo! why? long weekend?
Yes but mainly because I slept like shit last night. 
late? or just didn't sleep well?
I'm about to turn 60, and I still feel like I did at 25
My only question is.. Do you still jerk off like you were 25?
Mostly boobs because the other end doesn't work too well 
You don’t seem sixty by your post history
About to turn 60 as well!
August 11th here
No way!  August 11th here too. 8:00 am!  
Do you want to talk?
Do you play games?
Do ya lift bruh?
I have too much to talk about are you sure your up for listening? 
I'm all ears.
What part of the world are you from?
I was born in the United States.  My parents are from Vietnam, though, if that's what you mean.
Oh yeah that’s pretty interesting, I’m from Australia, do you get to visit Vietnam often?
Is Natty short for Natalya?
Nope.  Kind of close, but not really.
Always liked the name Natalya. It sounds vaguely exotic to me.
It does sound like a nice name.
So, what's your deal?
sup bicth
Looking for a Reddit friend
What’re you interested in? 
Hey! How old are you?
Hello there 
'sup, sorry for the late response. Reddit on mobile didn't notify me of anything.
I’d love to be your friend!
:) What should we talk about?
You have any hobbies/interests?
Soccer, anime, and video games.
ah. i don’t play sports but i’m into video games and saxophone. do you have a favorite game?
fort bliss texas, whats up?!
Reading my first Stephen King novel, Misery. What are you guys reading?
I'm beta reading my friend's 4th book. 
Well...supposed to be. I took a Reddit break. 
city of mirrors. Last book in a trilogy i started awhile ago.
I’ve been sober for a month now and I’m so proud of myself. No one in my life knows about it because no one knew I had a problem in the first place.
I still haven't gotten a full on errection due to The sadness from my recent breakup 
Alcohol?
Real g’s move in silence like lasagna. Congrats! 
700th upvote 🙋🏻‍♂️
How’s life going, let’s talk
I’m just reading some stuff and listening to music rn. Life is pretty good 
Good to hear! Whats going on in your life?
I’m starting college in a couple of weeks! 
Cool! Im happy for you... itll be hard... but the parties are worth it 
What are some movies that made you cry?
I am legend
The movie inside out made me cry, which is why I hate it.
I will admit it almost got to me when I first saw it. Some parts of it hit close to home. 
I got a job! My first out of college in office job! I'm moving a thousand miles in a week, and am apartment hunting right now. I couldn't be more excited and just wanted to share it!
do NOT get in any involved with office drama
English is moving towards Finnish spelling
The finns are taking over. Btace yourselves
Our rule will be wise but joyless
Hate to be that guy, but Latin (real, non-anglicized) did it first. 
Today is my birthday, and I wanted to actually post something instead of my regular lurking
Happy birthday!! Today is also my bday. Hitting 30 🙀
HAPPY BIRTHDAAAAAY!
Does anyone else enjoy particularly fat, round birds?
Omg I love fat birds
I wanna put a fat bird inside my sweater now.
I seriously need clarification:
Birds - women, or
Birds - the animal
Birds... women? I am confused, haha. 
The animal. Like ducks. Haha. 
I have hands.
when someone asks who’s robin dabank i can say i am just thought it was hilarious at the time 
Try to guess
Just recently got glasses and am studying with them for the first time and holy shit I can actually see.
If you're a dude - DON'T LOOK DOWN WHILE PEEING!
Most guys with glasses learn the hard way...
Cuz?
I'm not your cousin...
If you're asking why, then because gravity.
*Only applies if you frame is not fitted to your ear or you got a really unpractical frame
Not true. Glasses slip - even the best fitted, lightest and tightest.
Can't say I've ever had that
This is awesome! Gotta play “ I Can See Clearly Now” by Johnny Nash
Never heard of it, probably to young but I'll listen to it right now lol.
I don’t let my food delivery people know that they meet me.
Sounds smart tbh. Never thought of it like that :)
Kind of weird but ok
Weird flex but okay.
My office is a block away from where I usually get mine to deliver.
11 months sober from alcohol and weed
Nice work! That’s such a great accomplishment. You should be proud of yourself! 
Not even milk? 
Nice. 19 years here, keep it up. 
Hey good job! I’m glad I will never put myself through something like that.
Dope
why tho
What's something you absolutely 100% know you can't be wrong about?
I'm always right when arguing with friends. Always. 
Was there ever a time you knew you were wrong but managed to squeak out a win anyway?
Moving away from the US has been the biggest mistake I ever made.
Just Move to Russia.
Vodka sounds like voda. I'd probably get sent to the gulags after 5 minutes in the country. 
Hmm, then I suggest Australia, China or Japan. 
Expensive, possibly, super expensive. 
Does anyone else remember when this sub was pretty small, and all the posts were just, “how was you’re day?”
Well what do you think about it?
your fuck? My fuck? What about my fuck?
Well...how’s it doing? 
My fuck is ok
This guy fucks... wholesomely.
I’ll fuck you... consensually.
Thank you... I guess. 
You're welcome.
No, that's /u/oldspicehorse.
Fuck... I’ll consensually you
You, Ill consensually fuck
You fuck, I’ll consensually
What about *my* water buffalo?
“Your” 
I feel comfortable saying I speak French, a year and a half since I started studying it!
That’s amazing! Learning a language is quite the achievement. 
It's such a pain in the ass, especially it's conjugation 
You can say that again...
What are some resources you would reccomend? 
En tant que français natif, je te souhaite la bienvenue dans notre cercle VIP 😊
Haha merci 😊
&gt; I sort of platoued 
Awkward!!!
yeah... I blanked out and forgot how to spell that :P
 No hablo francés aunque sí sé un poco de español. 
Hi. I just got a puppy if you wanna talk about that. 
Oooh how exciting! What breed?
What do you like about YOU?
nothing lol
Really can't think of anything. I'm pretty average.
I love the funny and absurd stuff I come up with
My mom is currently going off on my dad in Spanish. He bought and smoked/is smoking 200 slabs of ribs and a new smoker. It’s hilarious. My dad always goes way overboard with shit like this.
Children of Attention Deficit Disorder parents..
Could you post a pic of all the ribs? 
Seconding. This is necessary. I'm especially interested in the shed full of ribs.
I got you fam..
OP you have no idea how much we need this update.
OP will surely deliver
Yeah,  OP is a goddamn liar. It doesn't take 3 hours to upload pictures to imgur.
Telling porkies fo sho
OP deliver plz!
😂😂 I took a ton and they’re uploading to imgur now give it like 5 minutes 
IT HAS BEEN 5 MINUTES.
5 minutes Turkish
Where are the photos?! We need photos!
I don't see any photos?!
Absolutely gonna need updates and pics of the bbq 
I’m near KCMO are there any ribs left? 
PM me! There’s tons. **TONS**
Get this on the kansas city subreddit !!  Don't put it on craigslist that's asking for trouble. 
That’s an excellent idea
This could turn into a great community BBQ!
I want to be your dad when I grow up lol.
Cooking any lasagna? Any of the bitch variety?
I don’t think all the money I’ve ever earned in my life would still add up to $3800.
I want to ask you questions based on your comment &amp; posting history
Ok. I'm in =)
I’m tempted. 
Um... alright...
Go for it 
I want to play.
Suggest me a song and I'll do the same!
Crazy-gnarls Barkley 
Save Myself - Ed Sheeran
This ought to be fun...
How about Strobe by deadmau5
Hey =) 
7/10
Mammals of Babylon by Cattle Decapitation
My suggestion for you: Haraya by Lucifer's Child
Today I became a man
I gotta change my car oil ill be popping my cherry within the next week or so.
By the title, I was expecting that today you changed the gender on your birth certificate 😂
Nope sorry, I still have the same sausage as I’ve always had. 
I fixed my car the other day and still don't have a sausage. Plz advise. 
I thought an orgasm was required to become a man
Chilling is the right word because it's below freezing here. 
It's not that bad here but still cold as hell.
Going to get my annual physical. Yup, getting finger banged in the butt by my doc. Good times
I've always secretly felt like I was in second place, not quite good enough. Until last night.
Wholesome as hell. 
FOUR for you, Aunt Lisa! You go, Aunt Lisa! 
If you're reading this, I love you
So this is what love feels like!
You the real MVP OP!
I've been depressed for a few years, but this weekend I followed through on my self-promise to clean my house and told myself I'd clean my car today, and I DID. I'm not looking for validation, just wanted to say that it helps to accomplish small self-goals if anyone else is struggling.
Whoo!! You're awesome OP. You can do anything.
My neighbor keeps one-upping me and I don't know what to do! How would you repay a neighbor like this?
Graciously accept defeat and be happy to have such a great neighbor?
**I MUST NOT BE DEFEATED**
Bible talk
If I’m interested in linguistics and the Bible, do I read the Bible in Greek, Hebrew, or Latin? 
Old Testament was originally written in Hebrew. New Testament was written in Greek. 
I Just Passed My Driving Test!
Congratulations!!! 
Meanwhile I can't be arsed to do my theory...what is wrong with me
Book it man! It’ll motivate you to revise it and I’m sure you’ll ace it!
I'm the best procrastinator you'll ever meet 
We’re all good at something!
Congratulations! Now, don't text while driving, use seatbelt and drive safe. Enjoy it!
I’ll make sure I won’t dw! (No reddit whilst driving), and I’m sure I will thanks!
I hope you don't get offended if I ask you this-Whats your gender?
No problem man, I’m a Boy :) Why do you ask?
For the safety of pedestrians. Hehe. Hope you get the joke
😂😂 good one man!
Which state you live in?
I live in the UK :)
My driving test is tomorrow, I hope I'll feel the same afterwards! And I am happy for you!
Im 23 and i dont have one
What do you mean you don’t have one?
that's so great, congrats!
Thanks dude!
Send luck my way!
Good luck mate, I’m sure you’ll be fine. Let me know how it goes :)
Just wait till you get in your first accident 
What manoeuvre did you have to do?
I had to pull over to the right and reverse two car lengths as well as an emergency stop :)
Ah nice.  I’m still learning, hoping to take a test soon. 
Do they teach stick there ? 
They teach stick by default, you have to make a request to learn automatic.
I'm JUST waiting to go for my Driving License test now dude!
Best of luck to you! Thanks and let me know how it goes/went!
Thanks man! I passed it too finally, after having postponed this for quite a long time
Well done to you! Bet you’re relieved now though :)
Truth or dare is a classic
Where is one place you were terrified to go as a kid?
Under the bed. I was always afraid I would get stuck or not be able to get out or something.
Meh, fine.
What is your favorite above all flavor of ice cream?
Is Ben and Jerry's cookie dough an allowable answer?
Of course!!
It's so good, haven't had it in a while though.
It's midnight.  What would you honestly be doing at that time if not sleeping?
Anyone else wish it was more socially acceptable to run to places just be cause it's quicker?
fucking do it, who cares if sheep stare, YOU ARE THE WOLF
Lol, could definitely make for some interesting conversation the next morning.
Really had to run with a backpack on without looking and feeling stupid 
In Pulp Fiction, the Wolf was a really cool guy who drove very fast.
I want his 1991 Acura NSX so badly. It is so classy and perfect for a man like Mr. Wolf. 
just waiting for historic registration
why would a 1991 car be historic lol
I really would like to know why you believe running is not socially acceptable
It's my birthday today! Upvotes for everyone!
Sweet, happy birthday! May you outlast the rest of the 27 Club lol
Its meh cause its my brother's birthday
If you're into musicals, what's your ideal role?
Genevieve from The Umbrellas of Cherbourg.
I'd love to be Magenta from RHPS.
I'm sorry what's RHPS? 
Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Oh, duh!! That's a great choice. You should audition if you ever have the chance 
Genie from Aladdin.
A classic!! Love it 
Right?  I promised myself to at least audition for it if the opportunity arose.
That's how I feel about Little Shop, except I would audition for a female role 
People are so scared of making eye contact with strangers but I love it.
This is how society crumbles... 
?? How so
It’s a joke. You’re breaking social norms and making people uncomfortable... 
True. Breaking social norms always ends up just making me feel more human 
I often upvote comments, just because they are downvoted and I feel they shouldn't be.
Why did you get gold lol
Cause I like doing random things for fun, like he upvotes comments. 
Imo thats why Gold exists. For stuff like that
Exactly
Ya
Nice try, buddy 
For what? Trying to give myself gold? 
you are wild good sir
Gold in 3 minutes lol
Seven
You need a gold next
Woah we got a runaway gold train here 
GET OFF THE TRACKS!!!!
Woah thank you for popping my gold cherry! 
The trains gonna skip me 
Good it flew right by me!
What the fuck
I was given gold two times, and apparently people at r/lounge like to make dandom gold trains
If you have gold you’re gay
I downvoted this post, just because it was upvoted and I feel it shouldn't be. 
Recommend me books bitches!
It’s a pretty sad story , but I liked Norwegian Wood.
Sad? Damn...I'll still read it because I don't love myself enough. 
It’s sad but beautiful. 
Boku no Pico
Magician
Oh, I forgot to mention, I hate fantasy haha.
You want something. Next time ask in a manner that is less rude.
Can't tell if you're joking or if you need to start a thread to be recommended a sense of humor.
I kept my New Year’s resolution - becoming a registered nurse!
Congratulations! I need some free medical advice and by some I mean a lot 
You ever just let warm water run over your hands whenever washing them?
I totally do that. It is very calming.
I do this all the time at work lol
Game time: Explain the thing you like most as poorly as possible everyone else can try to guess it.
That, and this bit but especially while doing this:
See?
Is it grammar?
Not very often but I like it because I see different people from the world.
Travel?
Very close. A place.
The airport?
STOP
Is that a command or your description?
Anyone one feel like they need to vent? Or just wanta talk about your day?
Eating Coldstone Creamery cereal. Finally sitting down.  
Lonely, but I think I did this to myself 
Maybe this is weird but, do you ever wonder why you were born as you, as a human, and not somebody else or as one of the other hundreds of life forms on the planet?
hundreds of lifeforms?
Yes. Other mammals, there's lots of em. Or any conscious being on earth
Why couldnt you be born a bug or reptile
I helped my company secure a multimillion dollar account...and I have my love of zombie movies to thank for it.
Maybe you should be in sales :D
I guess this is it?
Why am I still awake at 4 in the fucking morning -_-
Where are you???? 
The UK, you?
The great white north! 
This sub is great for chatting. There is r/r4r and r/penpals too. 
Ohhh pasta.... Or cheese.  Without a doubt.  Carb overlord. 
How’s everyone’s days so far?
I'm so pissed that I can barely stand up.
In the psych ward so you can probably guess
Can I get about $3.50?
Does anyone else order food to-go then immediately eat it in the parking lot in your car?
Fuck yeah. No other people,  my own music..
Yes!!! It's nicer because McD allways has so loud music playing 
YES! I love my car, it's like my safe zone. 
Until you get robbed 
Pfft, they’d be more disappointed than anything. Hope they’re happy with fries.
Pretend to be a cop on a stake out.
A steak take-out stakeout?
Starring Adam Sandler. 
And Kevin James
It's a tale as old as time 
true as it can be
This definitely sounds pleasant but christ is it unnecessarily wasteful. 
Why don't you like sonic, out of curiosity?
But have you had Sonic's chili cheese tots tho?
Why would you drive home and eat soggy fries?
Im 31 and have only been to one funeral.
I’m 37 and I’ve only been to one, my first wife’s. 
You're not missing much
Statistically, you're going to be to at least one more.
2 years clean from dope.
Time to celebrate with some dope! 😄
Someone asked for my number today!
Hope it goes well!
*frantically takes notes*
*scrambles out confindence* 
Can I have my note back when you're done with it ?
Only if you bring waffles
You bring the maple syrup.
I'll make it worth everyone's while. 
But did you say yes tho
I love that people can still meet irl haha, that's what I want.
I can't wait until someone eventually does something like this for me :) so happy for you!
Or, you could do it. Take a chance, make a change, and break~~away~~*traditionalgenderroles*
Today I am having my first date night with my wife after getting married, I'm very excited!
This is the most wonderfully wholesome thing I have ever read 
Great plan! What's your profession?
It will be short lived. Enjoy while it lasts and welcome to hell !
I know that this should come as no surprise, but Great Value™ bread sucks some fat ass balls
I only get Great value bread brcause it tastes fine o.o
Did you Google the trademark logo and paste it or did you use the alt code
What makes you happy inside? Mine is having freshly painted nails!
Taking a half day off work
I really feel happy sleeping
Japanese Women's Pro-Wrestling. 
My girlfriend makes me happy inside
Aw this is cute!! 
what's your unofficial job title?
I am a counterfeiter and all around faker. 
Creative thinker 
 marketing? 
Close, video making, drawing and Audio editing 
 reality splicer? 
Guess so lmao 
I fix all the things and do the jobs the rest of my team don't want to
do you also herd cats? 
Kitchen bitch(quite literally )
Verbal punchbag for entitled Europeans
 tech support? 
Customer service for a fashion retailer 
 oh boy, that might be worse.
I get to tell people where to go, and how to make it 
do you work at a front desk? 
I'm a city bus driver, over 25 years now...
What is your hobby ? Is it expensive or decently priced ?
I have some books on amazon, under the name charlie obrien. 
Black Canyon, the Cy young catcher ...yours ? 
I'm turning 16 tomorrow, do you have any advice for me?
Have a plan and start drinking as soon as possible. I didn't do either, big mistake.
enjoy life and make memories
Don’t drink alcohol. Ever. 
even in church?🤔
Also. Don’t go to church. 
uh oh why so
Happy Birthday.
Be kind to yourself.  :) 
Don’t be scared of getting older you will mature without even realizing it. 
I feel so immature right now haha
Every new year is the best year of your life. 
Try the weed
Today I saw a kid in the hallway take out a full box of cereal from his locker
If that's not a life hack, I don't know what is
Seriously? Bringing food somewhere impresses you? Literally, not even a life hack. 
I'm not hungry anymore because I ate a lot for lunch.
But then..what do you eat for breakfast 🤔
I often bring a gallon Ziploc bag of generic honey nut Cheerios to work. 
I may or may not be that kid
(I’m not)
I could only hope to be that kid lol
Usually I just eat the locker 
What is going to be the highlight of your week?
I’m going on girls trip on Friday!
That sounds cool! What kind of trip is it? Are you a close group of friends?
Yes we have been friends for many years. It’s a let’s chill on the beach for a week trip. 
Friday man.... cuz I get to sleep in Saturday morning. 
Happy Diwali Everyone
enjoy the festival. is it true you have to be vegen for it during the festival? 
I found a flyer for a Diwali event at my university! 
I get A LOT of calls from older people thinking I’m AT&amp;T. It annoyed me at first, but now it’s one of my favorite things.
I just get called by Chinese people who have the wrong number.
I wonder who they’re trying to call. Try asking!
You ledge..
THANK YOU FOR CALLING MOVIE FONE! Para Español a prima dos
What’s the last thing that bummed you out?
I was walking home and I saw a couple hugging 
man im fuckin lonely 
Sameeee. Shit is depressing coming home to nothing and no one 
Stop coming home
Easier route would be filling my home with some love 
My cat got sick....but he’s better now thank goodness 😸
I hide small bills in my wife’s jacket pockets.
This is so cute. Major updoots. 
When I worked at Wendy's, I used to meow when customers pulled up to the drive through
You pulled a Super Trooper
Get out of the car right meow
Please tell me that was just your 2009 lol xd im so random phase 
I like that. But then, I like cats, so it's fitting that such shenanigans would appeal to me. 
&gt;I swear to God I'm going to pistol whip the next guy who says, 'Shenanigans.'
Shenanigans
Come at me, MF'er! :D
But he said next, not previous. 
  8-p
Why the fuck am I laughing at this at 2 in the morning
Its 2pm here. Where do u live?
South East Asia hohoho
Cool. Im from the Caribbean
r/cringe
I think you meant to post this to /r/cringe
What why?
So, i realized that Turkey is not that unpopular as i think
I really like your Turkish tea. 😁
I was at Chipotle last night with a friend and he said something that made me smile
I think he was just trying to get in your pants.
My 15th birthday is on the 19th of this month and I'm pretty hyped
My birthday is on the 10th of this month!  Happy Birthday to us!!!
We are the same age then pal. 14
we have the same birthday! except i’m turning 19 on the 19th :)
Does anyone else feel like they’re just very mediocre at everything?
Statistically most people are average (mediocre) at everything. 
I don't think I've ever related to a reddit post this much
Give me a song and I'll rate it (0/10) !
River by Leon Bridges
Curious about what you think of this.
Nattvåsen by Carbon Based Lifeforms.
Disrespectin - 88rising
5/10
I’m bored,let’s chat
I'm a bit drunk. Hello.
i am very drunk also
hello!
I just added some fish to my aquarium so that's a plus
I misunderstood what a coworker asked me and gave him a response he wasn’t ready for
I love you lmao
Would you raise your kids the same way you were raised?
I was whipped with a belt. My kids will not be whipped with a belt. 
I turned my entire life around and I just realized it
Congratulations!  I love reading uplifting stories, gives me hope for myself and others!
Thank you! I'm glad I could add to the Uplifting Story Repository.
r/upliftingreposistory
Pretty good. I graduated yesterday 🙂
I am an 18 year old guy from a small town in the UK who loves to talk to people from all over about literally anything. Ask me anything! :)
I'm also from a small town in the UK. Whereabouts are you?
I’m handing out candy while holding in tears.
My dog died that’s about it. No sweet treats here. 
I'm sorry to hear this. :(
How old are you? How many years did you enjoy your grandparents’ love?
Halloween isn't going how I planned..
you work with a bunch of Bbuzz Killingtons. Not your fault
Your co-workers sound wack
Yes. They definitely are. Unfortunately.
Visual needed. Pam can look just like any other office woman. So there's that. 
To be fair, that seems like something that would happen to Pam from The Office.
Hahah yes so true!!
In my hospital bed. Feels kinda lonely here.
I'm High and I want to talk with people :D
r/CasualConversation meets r/trees lol
What strain?
Are you snacking on anything? 
nop, but I'm going to get snacks now just because of you hahaha 
Really miss the smell and taste of weed. Is it still as good as I remembering it being?
Yes brother never changed 
I am hanging out with my crush on Saturday. I cannot wait!
Let's hope the crush and friend dobt hit it off and hook up. 
Incoming “TIFU by hooking my crush and my friend up”
Does anyone else feel incredibly lonely?
All the fucking time :(
It's just so horrible 
I know :(  have an internet hug 
*hug*
*hugs back*
*Awkwardly joins hug, then leaves when I realize that's kinda strange*
Yup, last date was in 2009, lol
Yes. I feel completely abandoned. 
Today my classmate said I was cute
Caught off guard there with the last sentences.
:D nothing like a little positivity 
That's what I told my doctor about my test for HIV. 
When's the wedding? 
I know you just want the cake. Here's some cake 
Shit time to go bake a cake
no. you're cute
no u
Why the FUCK didn’t you specify genders in your story? Now I can’t picture it
Nah. Some people are not cute. Like me, I have never been called anything remotely like that.
Im fat
I'm not sure I understand that last little paragraph there. 
Am I the only person that tries to upvote all the comments on one of my posts or is that pretty common?
Hello, I'm just here for the upvote!   
(No, I totally do that too.)
Just saw Whiplash today.
WHIPLASH IS SO FUCKING GOOD!! WERE YOU RUSHING OR WERE YOU DRAGGING??? LOOK AT ME!
So FOR THE LAST, FATHER-FUCKING TIME, WERE YOU TOO FAST OR TOO SLOW
#SO YOU DO KNOW THE DIFFERENCE
ARE YOU ONE OF THOSE SINGLE TEAR MOTHERFUCKERS. 
or something like that it’s been awhile. 
THIS IS WHY YOUR MOTHER LEFT YOU
*THROWS CHAIR*
TRY ME YOU FUCKING WEASEL
What do you guys feel about cuddling?
Yes to cuddle. 33M here. I want to be the small spoon every once in a while.
I just had one of those moments in life where everything seems perfect and I am completely happy
R/wholesome
Yeah, but how do we know you deserve to be happy, hmm? 
I took a bath with a snorkel.
You all are awesome, and I guess so am I! Keep having awesome fun. 
Throw in a good bath bomb for a next level experience
I used to do that same but with a straw! 
Calm down satan 
Did the same thing when I was ten
I'm writing a script and I want you be included!
Interesting, would want to be part of it! 
Awesome! What did you do last weekend?
I'd be interested. Ask me some questions to get the ball rolling!
If you could change the color of the sky, what would you change it to?
I'm down for it. What do you wanna know?
What is a typical meal you would eat for dinner?
Such a cool idea! I don't know where to start, perhaps you could ask some questions? 
Does anyone like that weird, cosy, &amp; melancholic feeling of being happy-sad?
Happy? 
The feeling of Redbone-Childish Gambino? 
That’s why i (and many other people) love listening to sad songs so much.
I know you didn't mean it this way, but thanks for the chuckle. 
i get that feeling a lot but in the end the happiness fades and im just sad
Anyone else love the smell of cold air?
This this this! Even better when it's wet. 
I can only simply describe fresh cold air as *crispy*
Isn’t it weird how if you know someone’s username, you can basically summon them from across the internet?
Seems it only happens when i'm sleeping, but I guess better that no one mentioning me at all 
omg you like tea? I  love tea
Just not now because its almost bed time :(
What about like a good sleepy tea? 
It's like knowing someone's true name in a fantasy setting...
Man, did you hit a blunt?
Did you not?
Was at work, so I couldn't, but I just might later today
More importantly: did he pass his constitution saving throw?
What’s the DC?
wait why do I recognize true name? what's it from again?
It's also the premise behind The Bartimaeus Trilogy by Jonathon Stroud. 
Small possibility you read eragon as a child and are thinking of the ancient language 
Runemarks. A named thing is a tamed thing.
Yay I have found a fellow fan!
Omg, hi! Never found someone who even knows of this book online! By now, at least!
Bruh this is legit probably one of my all time favorite books
u/Mr_Capri Opponent Protomug casts annoyance
u/n8thegr8 i love you
u/Morphsuit_Hero
/u/Morphsuit_Hero would like this 
/u/waterguy12
I am summon
Oh hey there. I learned today that summoning yourself doesn't work. How was your day? 
/u/morphsuit_hero 
IS IT CRAZY??
/u/likulausshorts
get summoned binch
U/arella00
Hi u/melodyofthebrain! Been a while! 😛
I suppose, but no one has ever had a reason to mention me.
u/FurryPornAccount
I was waiting for this one
U/_demitri_
u/Morphsuit_Hero hi.
What’s up?
OMG IT WORKED! Am I a summoner now?? :D
I wish I were summoned more often.
u/werewolfpenis your username is... interesting 
/u/furryhunter420
Should I be worried or comforted by yours? 😜
/u/roguetroll, my favourite Reddit friend - I summon thee!
'Sup Sabrielle! Planning your next exciting holiday already? 🤔
Imma just smash my keyboard 
awit
And two numbers 
99
Let’s try u/awit99
Hey look that's an actual redditor!
Sure is u/Morphsuit_Hero 
I summon thee, u/WerewolfPenis
(I saw your comment, wish granted!)
/u/ShotgunMongol 
u/Morphsuit_Hero I choose you!
/u/ezvillain /u/somemilktea ur my bitch
u/reddit Hi EVERYONE 
u/MisterDrProf I choose you!
You gotta sacrifice at least three monsters before summoning me 
Can I get a deal if I sacrifice u/Lionghost?
Only if you can figure out what pot of greed does 
u/Morphsuit_Hero Did it work?
I shall type a random username and summon the unknown.
u/ElephantPenis
That appears to be a dead account. I shall try again.
u/DonaldDuck
quack
No way
I call shenanigans! 
U/DonaldDuck the people of reddit have accused you or shenanigans, do you accept their accusal?
Bruh
How do you resist the temptation for all these years? Teach me the art of patience master.
u/spaceship HELLO
Why did you choose me?
u/truereplay7
What. How did you get my name?
I scrolled past this post and saw yours on r/bulletbarry lol
Wow. That's weird as hell.
Let's try this
u/summonarandomperson
You called?
Yeah, what's up?
I am going to try this 
u/strawhat 
Caught me. How’s it going?
Lmao. Are you a one piece fan ? 
One piece swim suit? One piece band? One piece of cake...?
u/awesome_otter I choose you!
Fuck yeah!
u/8oz_of_sweet_heroin
u/hungryhundar 
U/MorphsuitHero
I just had my first kiss
Dirty dog! 😎
Shush you!
Shouldn't kiss and tell
Some people on reddit are such fucking assholes
what a shitty post
I've started listening to music made in the last decade finally. Any recommendations based on some stuff I like?
Theory of a Dead Man is pretty good
Kyle I like his music
Interesante 
Not doing it for me.  I really don't enjoy that genre at all.  Sorry
That wasn’t a band I was just saying interesting😂😂
Super lonely person who has no one to talk to. Anyone wanna have just a conversation about anything? Just in need of some type company.
I tore down my deck today so that was fun... 
I paid off my car loan today, now I'm completely debt free!
How old are you ? 
35. 
I heard the most ridiculous pickup line today and yet I haven't stopped laughing for five minutes.
Are those space pants? Cuz your ass is out of this world. 
No they’re sports pants, cause my ass is out of your league. 
Are you sure they aren’t water pants? Cause I’d like to explore those leagues with you. 
Did you have Lucky Charms for breakfast because you look magically delicious.
That might work on me if I knew what lucky charms are.
Breakfast cereal that has the slogan “they’re magically delicious”
A sugary cereal. 
cereal
It's basically just sugar.
I wish you were my shin so I could bang you on my coffee table.
Well you're in luck, because there's an entire sub dedicated to pickup lines... /r/pickuplines
And there’s also r/shittypickupline which is .... shitty but hilarious 
There really IS a subreddit for everything...I never cease to be amazed...
/r/zombiepickuplines
After tonight there will only be 7 planets. 
Cus I’m gonna destroy your anus. 
When where
When where who?
8pm, your place, you and me 
Just used this on my husband. 
I would 100% fuck up the execution of this, guaranteed. 
Knock knock
Don't come in, I'm taking a poo
Are you into antiques? Cuz I've got some junk that hasn't been touched in years.
Her: sooo tempting.
What hobbies do you guys enjoy doing?
Writing music, guitar, drums, WoW, hiking, hockey, etc.
I like to keep busy
It would be cool to start writing music! What genre do you like to play the most?
Video games, Netflix / anime and coding are usually my evenings 
Hi! Lets chat dumb stuff, friend!
Hello!!!
How are you doing tonight? 
Good! And you?
I'm doing great. I'm laying in bed with my fiance after I finished editing my podcast
Rip to the cherry blossoms, I have a tattoo of some on my forearm 
Hello. Am bored, want chat.
No reply and a DV. Great.
chatroulette
Omegle is mostly bots advertising a cam site now 
Yeah, I gave up on Omegle 3 years ago.
Oh whoops late to the party. What are some alternatives
Actually, I’m walking around the house. Getting stuff ready for tomorrow. Mexico. 
Cool. So what's up with tomorrow? Vacation?
Work and you? 
I'm editing a podcast rn, so I'm just listening to it before I download the final cut.
Interesting. First person I met who does that. Your own podcast? 
Thanks for giving my grandpa laughs, Reddit
Much love to you and your family buddy. &lt;3
Did anyone else stalk Reddit for a few years before making an account?
Reformed lurkers of reddit unite! There are dozens of us!
DOZENS! 
I still am a reddit stalker.. I've got an account but commenting and posting is merh
If you won the lotto... what would you do?
Eat a lot. Make a cat park so that cats can have food and run. :l 
Become a rich social recluse and spend my days doing whatever I want other than work and school.
If you could change one thing about you, what would you change?
Face
Make it more pretty of course! 
I can’t grow facial hair, so I’d love to change that. 
Less weight
Drive.  I'd like to want to actually do things.  Anythings. 
Whats restricting you from driving?
Not driving as in a car, I mean having an intrinsic desire to do... things. 
Im looking for some good new music suggestions...I listen to almost everything
Like country? 
Country is the one thing I dont really listen to but I will check whatever you recommend out!
Almost an songs from his newest album are good
Giving this a try.
You’re a great person. 
anyone else hate social media but love reddit?
Honestly reddit is like my hiding place, means so much to me
What do you think of ghosts?
I have no reason to believe ghosts are real.
monday funday! 5 q's
1. Not sure
2. Negative.
3. Cool
4. Definitely
5. Unconscious 
rough day already?
Not yet, but it's expected to head in that direction 
yikes! and it's a monday too. long weekend?
Every day is long lol
:[ poor baby. there must be a stress outlet.
I'm used to it.  I just take life one day at a time, lol
which is what i already tell people anyway. is there time to de-stress today?
Alright people....here is the game
LOTR extended editions 
You....Shall not.....LEAVE THE ISLAND EVER.
And then I slam down a stick I found in the sand
I’d watch it over and over and train so that I can take down the Balrog
The Rocky Horror Picture Show, Monty Python and the Holy Grail and His Girl Friday. 
Is it bad that I've never seen the Rocky horror picture show before...?
Yes! Remedy that immediately, preferably on Halloween. 
Okay follow up..... hypothetically let's say I'm a big weenie about horror movies...
RHPS is a comedy first and foremost, so don't sweat that.
...I lost the game.
Let’s get vain
My face is nice to look at :)
My cat just woke me up by shoving a half dead lizard in my hand, and I've never felt more violated.
You should be PROUD!
I'm proud when he kills things that have invaded my home! He's not supposed to smuggle them in!!
He is showing YOU. Pet him. Make him feel like a WARRIOR!!!
The cat seeks better forms of entertainment than an open window.
“WAKE UP HAIRLESS I MADE YOU BREAKFAST!” 
-your cat, probably.
Hairless!
Hey, at least it wasn't half a dead lizard...
my cat pissed on me this morning
smells like angry lemons, i had to clean and baking soda-fy my whole room
I wanted to get up at 6 but I got up at 5. Stop complaining about your stupid little issues. /s
Hello, tell me something happy or funny
I have an excess of puppy photos, would that help? 
Good Morning Everyone, What are you doing this fine Saturday ?
Currently in the hospital, my lung collapsed for a second time in two months
Holy crap how come??
Spontaneous pneumothorax? Or did you do something?
After making a post on Reddit, does anyone else dread opening it up to read the replies?
I made a legit one for the first time yesterday and didn’t get any replies. Kinda sucked
Applied. Interviewed. Hired. All in two days... no one at home to celebrate with. What's up guys?
Congratulations, hope you go higher in life. 
Hot Fuzz is an incredible film
Everyone should see it for the greater good.
The greater good......
Stop saying that!
*SHUT IIIIIIIT!!!
Narp
That’s how the cookie crumbles....
Let's just say we won't be short of Chunky Monkey for the next month
PUNCH! THAT! SHIT!
There's one thing this thread doesn't have....
You ain't seen Bad Boys 2?
It's my 2nd favorite movie!
IT'S ALRIGHT ANDY, IT'S JUST BOLOGNESE
I’m a 27 year old dude and I got my first girlfriend a couple weeks ago!
Hello everyone :)
Why are we drinking? What's the cause?
Bottemest shelf whisky! and depression!
What has you feeling down?
for reals its just chronic mental illness shit.but like.  makes me feel weak to say
Mental illness is something I can relate to. Have been diagnosed with anything in particular?
What color polish is on your toes?
Anybody else sick of social media?
I quit it a long time ago
I ran 3 miles straight for the first time ever!
Okay this is just strange.
Yesterday I went on my first 3 mile run in years. What a coincidence
Congrats but it's not that special
Would be to me if I ran it. Furthest I’ve ran none stop is about 2k
What is your favorite movie/ book/ or song quote?
You can erase someone from your mind. Getting them out of your heart is another story.
Ooooh, that is deep.  And so true.  What is that from??
“We accept the love we think we deserve” from The Perks of Being A Wallflower.
I never realised people ACTUALLY saw things in their head.
I believe it's called aphantasia.
wait, so if you close your eyes you can't see your dog in your brain?
Not at all, I can’t see anything in my brain 
what?????????? :0 Can you see stuff when you dream at night?
I guess so? I definitely dream
Are you able to draw at all? 
God fucking dammit now I dont know if I can see image sin my mind or if I cant
Just lost my 3 year old reddit account, anyone up for a chat?
How do you lose your account? 
Get locked out from it, customer support not responding.
What's the longest distance you've traveled by car nonstop?
How’d you lose it?
What’s the best yo momma joke you know?
Sad music
Tecumseh Valley by Townes Van Zandt...heartbreaking 
I’ll have to check it out! Thanks for the reply
Does your car, or the car your drive, have a name?
My first car in high school was named Gina! 
My mini van is named Dinozo
Good Morning Redditors! What are you looking / Not Looking forward to today? Any big Plans ?
I’m excited about teaching robotics today and later I have a date 
Teaching robotics? That sounds awesome!
Good luck on your date !! Hope it goes well!
I'm going to go longboarding this morning!
What is that crazy little thing that you are scared of ?
Cockroaches. 
In my mind I know they can’t harm me but for some reason I’m just afraid of them
I have been chased by them as a kid! 
Fishes. Those big dead eyes. Flip-flapping and the skin. I couldnt eat sushi till I became 19.
haha..! I started eating fish last year! Still can only eat fish and chips! 
Walking by a construction platform. I'm always on edge waiting for something to fall on me. 
yeah.And die like a final destination character!
Exactly! I feel like that's just the way I'll go one day and my body knows it. 
That will be cool way to die! World's gonna remember it!
I'd rather not, though! 
haha! Not really in your hands! isnt it??
but just kidding..! cheer! 
As long as I keep alert as I walk under those platforms of death...
have you seen a series called 1000 Ways to Die on netflix? 
I haven't, but I'm watching it now. It seems good, thanks for the recommendation!
Yeah! Its like you gonna just die! Really weird stuff! 
I think I found the ultimate way to low-key piss off everyone around you.
Mildly curious why you enjoy pissing people off. 
If I'm being totally honest, I have the soul of a troll
This sounds petty. Are you doing it to better yourself or to somehow get back at everyone else? 
What were you doing when youtube crashed..?
I was playing Oblivion, the crash must have been and gone during my session.
it only lasted a couple hours. lol. guess i was one of the few ppl on youtube
Job Search. I have better things to do than getting frustrated over YouTube. 
Hope you get the job. I'm employed so i have better things to do than job search.
My kids bought me a PS4
Amazing! Also amazing:  another mom gamer! Me too! 
There's dozens of us!
That’s so awesome! You have a beautiful family 
Aww, This is very wholesome. Thanks for sharing.
r/wholesome and r/humansbeingbros need to hear about this. 
i love to see this!!! yes!!!! i wish i could give my mom the whole world
Your mom would be happy with just hugs and love, I promise :)
I wish my parents were this nice
What's up, everyone?
Working on an assignment. Yourself?
An assignment for what? 
College!
Hi! I’m laying in bed waiting to be tired enough to fall asleep, how about you? 
What have you been listening to?
I've been into EXO and kdrama OSTs
I used to loooove EXO
We're broke until Friday, but I suprised my wife and daughter with McDonald's for dinner.
I had some McDonald's just yesterday--it's tasty from time to time!
I’m getting laid off and my last day is Halloween. We’re allowed to wear costumes at work, so I am going as a homeless person
On your lunch break, be sure to sit outside the entrance and beg for change.
Love this!!!! What’s the sign going to say? “Will work for food?”
Walk around the office offering hand jobs with a raspy voice.
Give ya a hand jibber for a $5.
Alright tree fiddy
I ugly laughed at this.
Yeah, what are they gonna do? Fire you for harassment? 
*I got these cheeeeseburgers, maaan.”*
The reference I was waiting for
The reference we deserved
Help. OOTL.
Is your boss Micheal Scott?
To all those who haven't eaten cake in a while ...
Happy cake day cake enthusiast 
can i sub a donut for cake? cake is $5-$8 here but i can get a donut for 50 cents
Here's a little ditty
i am currently pretending to be an adult
what's on your mind?
Oh yay! Umm I like cereal. 
for breakfast? or in general?
i think night time is the best time for cereal
In general. I don't think there's a best time... Any time is good for cereal. 
What shows don't you ever skip the intro to?
Gilmore Girls
The X Files
Forever Knight
Never seen any of those, what are the themes like?
bojack horseman and its always sunny
Trailer Park Boys, always sets the mood of the show, NEVER skip
The Big Bang Theory
It all started with the Big Bang! Bang!
Actually quite catchy isn't it
Yeah. Sadly there’s only one season left. 
The internet is great - I just ordered a pizza for a friend who I have never met.
There exists:
r/Random_Acts_Of_Pizza
Just saying ;-)
Lol I've been in one of my online buddies house before but we have never met. 
I want to hear this story. 
Hey friend, why don't you send me a pizza?
I'm not your friend, buddy. ;)
Hi yes I would like to be your friend too
A few people have, it seems. Well, Hi Austin! I'm Shep
I honestly wanna do this for one of my online friends one day.
This brightened my day! 
Gender Reveal
Wow, four children sound like a serious task. Hats off if you manage to manage it.
Whats the secret, my father has 4 sons lol.
Does anyone else get the Fall Time Feelings where they have a case of nostalgia during Fall/Autumn every year?
Hm I dont know, because I constantly have nostalgic feelings, all year long haha
Haha do you like the feeling or do you think it can be annoying?
Yes. It’s bittersweet for me. Sometimes , nostalgia is painful. 
I didn’t until I moved from the desert to New England.
What do you guys think is (currently) the least talked about country?
Petoria
Likely one of the Pacific island nations, like Vanuatu.
It's snowing and I'm the only one here who cares and am loving it.
Never even seen/felt snow before and all these people don't care 😩
The marches in Germany make me feel loved.
What does POC mean?
Something tells me this won't stay casual for long
What is your favorite video game?
Detroit Become Human
Really? Nice! Why is it your favorite?
What's going on with you guys tonight?
Smoking that purple kush and watching football!
Which game?
Jags and Cowboys
I’m drunk and ready to talk
Oy bruv
Hey, do you have anything you want to talk about or should I start the conversation?
hey how u doin
Just stepped on a roach barefoot.
I’m *
Unless she’s just starting with the verb as a colloquialism.
Want me to come burn down your house after you jump off the roof?
Yes please. Maybe a ritual afterwards to cleanse it. 
I’ll bring the sage.
I'll bring the assassin.
And I'll cut the cheese!
I'll bring the beer.
And My Axe!
And I’ll bring the ring to Mordor
I'll take the Hobbits to Isengard. 
Can you come burn my foot, too? Just... *-swallow-* just in case...
Compared to the roach you got of pretty easy I would say !
Probably in the roaches eyes yes haha 
**Plot Twist**: That roach's name? John.
Gotta get rid of the whole foot now
My thoughts exactly. Amputation is nothing compared to what just occurred. 
Did any of it squish up between your toes?
I am sorry. 
Sincerely,
Someone who has an irrational fear of roaches.
Nothing irrational about it, roaches are gross!
Seriously dude? Go tell someone who cares
Is it weird if I made a blog for my hobby and didn't show it to anyone I know?
Nothing wrong with that. 
I have the same hobby.
Awesome! Chilli bros unite! 
i know some sauces. maybe i can be featured there. :l 
So my country is, yet again, falling to pieces. What's happening in your world?
You conditions your own reality. Make it great!
They opened a Starbucks where I live
(Yanbu, Saudi Arabia)
Can you think of a more innocent drink or food than chocolate milk?
Apple juice 
apples have cyanide
Some oatmeal.
That orange HI-C drink McDonald's use to sell.
Listen I am still devastated about that. Why did they get rid of it??? Why???????
Chicken Nuggets! :D
I've mixed chocolate milk with alcohol before so it's not totally innocent. 
Add a bit of bailey's and suddenly it's a whole lot less innocent...
Just for fun.What is you pet peave?
People asking for my middle name...
People 
Lol. Not a people person?
when somebody says pet peave....
Guys and Girls my day has been pretty sucky. Can you guys suggest me an album or maybe one song that you really like?
Try New Born by Muse. :)
Panic prevention - Jamie T........anything by Jamie T cheers me up though. 
5:55 by Sylvan LaCue brightens my day whenever I’m down 😊
Twenty one pilots new album trench is awesome. Or any of their other albums :) 
Dude, tell me about it! I pre downloaded it. 
First listen I had the biggest smile on my face. It's so good.
The hype and legend actually make me cry happy tears 
Anything by Glass Animals!
Flogging Molly - Drunken Lullabies.
The song or the whole album. 
I really like this, It makes me want to learn how to do a jig and get drunk.
Just one song that I always like hearing: Uncontrollable Urge by Devo
I started dancing like crazy when I first heard this song. Thank you I’ve found my anthem.
Also, if you're still looking for music, Genius by C2C. Different but still good.
Breezeblocks by alt+j
Drop the guillotine By peach pit. Good song.
Do certain smells ever bring back memories?
Everyone does.
Yes pine-sol and fresh  tortillas.  My grandmothers house.   
Polish?
Mexican
I just bought $50 worth of hydros for $10
Yeah they are well drawn and just fun
Why did you choose your username? 
How have you guys been lately?
Just gonna spend the weekend playing Forza Horizon 4 lol s:
Same here, but playing Pokémon and watching episode two of the new Jojo’s season on repeat 😂
Do you feel you have a purpose in life?
I'm 30.  No purpose here, lol.  none at all
I'm 41. Looking for one. Hey wait... I know you lol. Hi.
haha hello there
Guess you had a shit day huh?
Someone just added me on snapchat
This was hilarious
Upvote for the laugh
Upvote accepted.
Hahah I love the progress of the updates 😂
I agree! Who doesn't love updates.
windows 10 users :(
I have a ps4 if you want it op
Am I dreaming or what?
I am selling nudes as well
Not sure I’d trust nudes from u/MrPotatoWedges
Your username says otherwise ;)
Idk, I could go for some potato wedges right now
Okay but do you have a sofa?
I'll sell you a sofa made out of nudes 
I'd love to play PS4 while sitting on it.
Are you looking to buy/rent/lease?
I'll pitch in for shipping if you guys are serious. 
I'll throw in a 20% coupon for a haircut at Uncle Joe's
I think I can chip in a Chuck e Cheese 20 extra tokens coupon
Me three!  And then we can game together =D
If you guys are looking for someone to donate a PS4 to I have some leads. 👉😳👈
I'D looove some beads!.....
Wait.
Hilarious.  
Oh yeah that's what they call me.
The real question is why did you ps4block your brother?
He actually said to me after receiving the hoverboard that he likes it more than the PS4!
Damn shame you got blocked. You could've tried to sell her some nudes.
I’ve blown more air than usual through my nose after reading it. So here, have my upvote
OP snapped 
How long before he lost interest in the hoverboard? lol 
I got a sofa. Free, but you gotta come pick it up. 
Its my birthday next week! What's something exciting thats coming up for you?
Oooooooooooh which day?
Wednesday :c so that sucks because it's a work day, but I'm excited for the after! 
You and I are friends now. 
That’s my birthday too. 
NO WAY. That's so cool! How are you celebrating? 
I’m not sure. My coworkers want to get me drunk. Might go with that. 
23. That fun, “technically an adult but still actually quite young” stage of life. 
If financing goes through, I will be closing on my first house on Halloween!
That's amazing! Congrats! Any details you wanna share about your new house? :)
It’s 2:30am and I’m listening to sad music.
The loneliest hobo by nightingale Cummings
I didn’t know they wrote a song about me 
Nuh uh I'm loneliest
What are some of your weird personal quirks? I’ll start
Yes! I can relate to that myself a lot. I'm always paranoid of something, idk what. 
I eat with the fork in my right hand and knife in my left hand.
Wait what is this not normal
Anyone else feel starved of affection?
I crave hugs, sometimes it’s the medicine that I want when I’m feeling down 
Everyday of this cold life in this unforgiving world.
So what's going wrong in your life?
A type of loneliness and a lack of banana milkshake.
It is insane when you think about how many times you trust strangers day to day.
Tbh there are too many witnesses to do anything. 
It’s that time again...
Meerkats 
Sharks
Squirrel. 
Turtle! 
Community Conversation: Spooktober
I love that on the mobile version of this sub the upvotes are currently little ghost snoos
I finally got a Nintendo Switch!
RIP that PS4. Could a gotten the new spiderman. 
I had no interest. I'm not a fan of comics
Me neither, but don't you think the gameplay looks cool? 
Awesome what games did you get with it?
Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild
YES! Awesome game! I would play it for hours on end! took me more than a year to 100% the game!
You as a Lord of the Rings Character. Who are you?
Probably the old man single-handedly started the battle in Helm's Deep
Whichever character is most useless 
No useless characters in lord of the Rings.  Come on have a think 👍
An Ent
Definitely a legolas here. I love elves, I even have a naturally pointed ear
Legolas 🧝🏻‍♂️. I love archery 🏹
Am I the only one who search for answers on Google but added Reddit at the end of the question to see if anyone one shares the same problem?
I'm not the only one then. 
I’m going to do that from now on.  Thank you, for the heads up.  😊
Let's play a one-upping game
I was a food tester for the Doritos Cheese explosion nearly three years before it's release. 
I dove along the deepest drop off in the Pacific Ocean 
I've eaten rat poison.
I've been pooped on by a bird three times.
I stayed up for 14 days once while getting maybe 10 hours of sleep the entire time
I make remote control airplanes
I build model rockets
I have built a rocket plane
I built a rocket bike
I've stood on a pulsejet mountain board
Drove a formula 3 car. 
Let’s play a game of stupid injuries.
I have broken an arm falling out of bed.
I’m a 19 year old male, living in Wales. What questions would you ask me out of curiosity?
Do you live in the southern part of Wales?
Can you actually speak Welsh?
Who is your favorite Welsh comedian? 
Anything interesting in Wales that England doesn't have?
Per usual I’m going to guess more about you.
1 island, 1 million accents and types of slang (possibly exaggerating).
Oh wait ...
I mean, that's a part of my country.
Hhahaha ... is it Manchester 
Lots of pork. Very German. Baseball. 
Toronto?
It’s in America
Is it.. Texas?
No, Midwest
KANSAS
Farther east
OHIO
Yes but what city
Cincinnati?
Lots of weed, lots of hipsters, unoccupied stadium, best city in America 
Portland?
We eat cheese, are a flat country and rule the sea. 
Italy?!
Nope. It's in Europe and smaller than Italy. And also  a bit more north of Italy.
Madagascar 
Do you watch Big Mouth? The city has been made fun of a cpl times throughout the series. 
Tampa ...........?
I’ve been using the word “hella” since the mid 90s
California?!
There’s a particular area that hella originated from
If you bump into us, WE will say sorry to YOU!
our citizens are often mistaken for a certain type of pastry
Our most famous warrior ever wore a bucket on his head and armour made of a farmer’s plough. 
I will never guess this. 
Anybody else get drunk just to listen to music?
While I'm on the bus, i usually skip my station and then walk back from the next station. 
thats an odd thing to do, why would you do that?
It happens while I'm listening to music. 
Smoking pot and doom metal is where it's at
Anybody else think that Dominoes pizza is fuckin killing it right now?
Still sucks compared to local shops though.
Well baked and no garlic crust crap is the way to go in my book. 
Deep dish pan pizza ftw
Next smoke sesh I’ll try that out lol. 
When was the revamp? I might have to order lol
My ideal meal is a dominos pizza with papa johns garlic butter. That god damn garlic butter...
Nice try Dominoes PR guy.
Idk about there pizza but their wings are absolute garbage.
In the UK they charge around 30 dollars a pizza, i just can't get past that price tag.
In what universe
UKverse
I habitate that universe and I have not spent thirty quid on a pizza at dominos as of yet
I miss dominos bread bowl pasta. (I’m out of the country) So gooood.
For price and quality, Dominos EASILY has one of the best pizzas and menu around. 
Dominoes in the UK is expensive but it’s the best! 
Dominos is overpriced and mediocre at best. Papa johns all the way, sorry dominos rep 
Lick my butt papa johns rep.
Sure thing daddy 
Yea you like that, you fucking retard?
Well it was a joke but okay... 
Dominos being overpriced and mediocre wasn’t though 
Corporate shill.
&gt;makes post about Domino's
&gt;holding box of pizza from somewhere better
Does anyone else watch the good place?
I do! Janet is my favorite too! Not a robot.
How far into it are you? I'm all caught up. 
Ive had pancakes for dinner two nights in a row
Scottish shortbread cookies.  I'm not even supposed to eat them.  Oh well.
We're allowed!  ;+)
Who else is on Reddit while they're at work?
everyone. why would you check reddit when not at work? got more interesting things to do lol
Using reddit while on class. Hahaha best way to spend(waste) time.
Mr. Jake you've been fired for using Reddit at work. Please pack your stuff.
No job. Going on a year now... Ugh
How tho 
At school.
honestly i’m supposed to be doing my work in school but reddit is really tempting right now
Me always. All other social media is blocked, so...
Isn't that the only time to be on reddit? 
Tech at a physical therapy clinic here! On my lunch break. Hey, all :)
Hail and well met, friend.
How’s your break goin, pal?
Sitting here in an empty pizza shop with all my prep done early and no customers.
Mmm pizza. Is it sheet pizza? Deep dish? brick oven? Tell me bout that crust! 
I wanna predict your mind ... up for a game?
Apple
Ass.
oh
Enormous Ecuador 
Exceptional
Frogging fuck
Foxtrot
Exuberant 
Echo Z
It's a Certain UNder These instructions that we would subliminally pick the letter i.
G
Gang ham style 
Is it girly 
Snake.
P
GGGGGGG G U NIT
Nope, try again.
Victoria 
B.
It’s Baxter 
X
Q
Earlier today I was driving my girlfriend to work and I pressed the + volume button on my car's steering wheel to hear her story better.
My wife tried to pause me with the TV remote. 
Amazing. Did you get the hint?
Does looking for spectacles while having them on your head count? 
Just found out I was cheated on. Share some uplifting stories/facts to cheer me up! I'll start.
Cows have best friends and they get stressed when they're separated.
Hey, ScaredRaccoon, Trebuchetfight has a story for you
Giraffes have 7 vertebrae in their necks, just like you and me! 
We're a good 80% of the way through the year. What have you done so far that you're proud of?
Switched to a job with more oppunity then the last. Learnt to save a bit of money.
Always nice to climb the ladder and feel a little more valued. Congrats! 
Thanks. Still gatta go back for school but I like the kind of work I'm doing atm atleast.
That's half the battle! Good luck at school :) 
Rough weekend and just wanted to hear some neat facts
Fun fact we haven't lived in igloos for at least 15 years in Canada!
A sloth has more neck bones than a giraffe does
Hanging around hurts my neck after a while. I’m sure a couple extra bones would help with that
My dad's birth is closer to the Wright Brothers famous flight than to the present. 
In every can of Campbell chicken noodle soup there is approximately 25 feet of noodles.
Well now I have to figure out how many feet of ramen I’m getting in every pack
What is the best part of your day so far?
Applying for a job I guess
Hey! I hope you get a good one! Or the one you really want.
Does anyone else here not want a career?
My career is making money to support myself and my family. 
Do you guys also get emotionally attached to things?
Oh yes, definitely. 
Source: am guy. 
I just got sleeproasted by my boyfriend
So calmly said from my fiancé: 
“Horse lettuce tastes like rubber shoes”
Changing my name legally in 6 months. You guys have any good name(s) that you want to share?
Niccals
Niccals? 
For a girl I always liked the names Kayla.
Good luck with medical school thanks for doing that youre a hero :)
How about....
Karen Clover
Karen Indigo
Karen Hazel
Karen Anthea ??
Has anyone else been shocked by how quickly Elon Musk turned from hero to villain so quickly?
Has anyone been shocked about how repetitively redundant titles have become repeatedly?
Wait what. 
I’ve created a list of more than 350 SORTED interesting questions. Comment a number and I’ll ask you one!
Silly, 43
Silly 3
You 66
What are you glad is finally over?
Work, so now I can enjoy the rest of the day 
Silly 69
If you were sucked into a game like Jumanji which game would you least want to be put into?
Silly 26
You - 64
You 32
You, 25
Imagination, 28
Ponder, 42
You, 33
I'm so glad you are with us today. Your feelings matter and you make this world better just by being here. You are loved.
Who is this directed towards, if I may ask?
You! It's directed at you! I'm so glad you found it =)
Today is my birthday and it was very nice to see this. Thank you.
This is such low effort pandering crap. 
Can I please post this on my facebook?
How often do you guys actually upvote/downvote things?
I upvote pictures of anime tiddies and that’s usually it
I wish I had something to talk about.
Fortnite is bad
Never played it, but battle royales aren't my thing, so I agree with you.
What's your thing then?
RPGs.
What's your favorite RPG? Mine's Skyrim or The Witches 3
Mine's Skyrim.
Have you tried any of the other what scrolls games? 
Oblivion is the game I am working on currently.
Anyone feel like growing older robbed them of their emotions?
Female. Curios to hear your theory
testosterone kills feelings 
or mutes them and squishes them into boxes 
idk lol 
Do you think reddit admins/employees ever just casually browse Reddit? Like maybe come here and just chat with us?
I bet they’re looking at bowser pictures rn
I think after the whole Victoria thing, Ellen Pao would come here due to the friendliness 
Victoria thing? What exactly is that?
On a similar note, I'm a really famous drummer. At least, in my head.
You can be anything you want in your head. 
Of course we do!
Maybe from time to time they do 
Surprisingly, a Reddit admin did comment on this post
Well yeah considering spez got caught editing posts on TD.
Wait what? How?
I'll write you a personalized haiku!
something about finding motivation!
How do you find that
Elusive motivation?
Remember your dreams!
I'll play: 
I need a new job. 
I'm at the beach :3
I’m jealous. It’s snowing right now here.
don’t rub it in :(
I had a nightmare that I turned 30, I was fat, in debt, hung up on an ex, and ate bacon daily to make the pain of my life sucking. What's your realistic nightmare?
Damn that shit is me just add 10 years smh
Let’s play a game... leave me an important number and I’ll guess the significance of it.
The number of miles you drive to your best friends house?
17.
The age you first learned to breathe underwater?
Are you sure you want to know the significance of that number to me?
Oh man... should I be scared? Wait. I get another guess 
Okay. Have another guess.
2014, part very easy, part not so much.
Have fun.
The number of freckles on your left thigh
The year you had your first Cuban cigar with your dad?
Keep tryin'
Oh I know. It’s the amount of mins a day you wank?
The amount of times you apply deodorant?
Nah, the amount of times I've had sex.
7.
299792458
6.6260704
6.28318530178
6.674
359
128
9532
I recognise some of these numbers.
14
All the languages you knew in the past life as a Russian spy?
4602
The location of your favorite beach 
13
This sounds fun.  33.
How many blunts it would take to match your height?
Okay, that is fun, but no.  Though in a roundabout way you're flirting with the answer.
Your height in millimeters?!
Getting colder.
How many pounds of weed you sold with your third cousin
Maybe how many pounds I consumed during my teenage rebellion, but nope.
Okay tell me 
43
How many cities you’ve written post cards in?
How many kinks you’ve fulfilled?
Actually yes that is accurate, perhaps painfully so?. It is the number of testicles I have.
How many mini vans you’ve gone through since having kids? 
Definitely not Haha, guess again! 
Your mom was in labor with you for 13 days?
1067
23.
The size in inches for your first French fry 
You have a strange thought process.
I was right wasn’t I?
Not by a mile. Not even in the right category.
what time is it? where are you? what are you doing?
It's 6:13pm and I'm waiting for dinner to be done cooking.
5:14 pm pst, san francisco, sitting in my pedicab waiting for a ride :)
does you pedicab have crazy lights and cool music?
03:12 in Djibouti and I’m procrastinating going to bed
721PM in Illinois and I'm watching a Supernatural rerun and prepping food for tomorrow.
what are you prepping?
8:28 pm, US (VA), listening to music
3:30, Middle East, browsing reddit while in bed. 
Where in the Middle East? 
Soudi Arabia, Dammam
It’s 7:48 in Denver Colorado I’m drinking wine and browsing reddit
nice. it's 3:38am here in London and I'm drinking beer and browsing reddit
I’ve created a list of more than 200 interesting questions. Comment a number and I’ll ask you one!
66
69
If seasons never changed, which would you most like to live in eternally?
Autumn 
there it is lmao
5 :)
13! Mah favorite number.
What a cool idea! 47.
Number 117 please 
84
174
Who do you wish was still alive?
122
In what ways do you benefit the world?
This is a great idea too. Keep it up OP.
88
188
What *wouldn't* you do for someone you love?
Lie. I hate lying. 
123
What would you like to accomplish before 2018 is over? 
200
15, please!  Great idea.  :-)
If you could change one thing about yourself physically, what would you change? 
I'm 5'7, but I'm an adult male. I'd love to be normal-sized.
108
Does anybody beside yourself know your deepest secret? Do you ever intend to tell anyone?
182
64
220 please 
75
144
63
173~
147
We picked the same #
19? :) 
43!
183
What's your favourite joke you've ever heard?
Why did the girl fall out of the tree? 
Throw it at me, OP!
My number is 122.
Comin' right up!
What always makes you nostalgic?
128?
46
2
169
154
78
174!
142
10!
The is so great!! You must be an awesome date.
I'll take 67, please, fine human. 
86
Hit me with 44.
Give me one of them 73s
80 please
196
1 
21. My lucky number :)
Question 128, please and thank you.
What is something you're inherently bad at, no matter how hard you try to improve?
9, please! Can't wait to see the full list.
42, lmk hoss
118
I would really liked to be asked #224
What is something weird you do that you wonder if other people do as well?
69 ;)
115
What was the hardest decision you've ever made?
Whether or not to report my mom to the police
136
77
Thx
186♥️
That's such a cool idea! 
Also, 77 :)
162
199
69. Nice!
83 :)
115!
69,please.
69 brah
Lucky number 88
89 ?
160
Can I please have 52?
Have you ever had an epiphany? What was it about, and what sparked the realisation?
44 :)
46. 
Do you have any conspiracy theories? If so, what are they?
Ooh, good one, but no, I don't.
How about 93?
I am curious, 17 
157
Ill go with 174. Why you might ask? First number that popped into my head
8 
97 pls
36
152!
151
157, here we go!
67
225
87
Number 42 ;)
Tell me 117, Sierra
88 :)
55, please! My favorite number c:
75 pls 
#33 please
155
14, please!
 If you’ve had more than one job, which job taught you the most?
I have never had a job, can I pick another question? 😂
10
193
This is neat as heck. 
167 if it’s still available 
12, and I also hope you post the entire list soon. Thanks!
Hallo, what about 148?
193. Let's hope my random number generator took a good one.
198. 
This is an amazing idea.  Make a podcast out of it!!
77. :)
55, its my lucky number .  
106?
69  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
117
223 :)
82
217.
197 :)
179 please
15 please :) love the post idea! 
13, this is super cool OP! Can’t wait to see what the rest of the questions are!
If you could change one thing about yourself physically, what would you change?
hello I think I'm far too late
188.
198
Lucky number 17
67 please and thank you.
How would you summarise your life so far in one sentence?
77.
85
44 
Am I too young to be on Reddit?
r/teenagers 
I contacted my favorite childhood small game company about becoming a concept artist/writer...
If you get the job you won’t forget about us, right?
I suppose I can mention you all in my memoirs 🤔
No give us 10% profits or 1 share
Can I give you in-game money?
You know what, FINE
You’ll all be the richest players in this world of ponies, what could be better?
Nothing. Except I get ride a kick ass stallion, right?
When folks tell me I'm fat . . .
Me too, I'm less fat today. I was 310 at heaviest RN I'm 240. Still have 60 pounds left.
Congratulations! Slowly, but surely~! Keep it up!
Keep at it, the way you will feel about yourself is its own reward.
The folks from r/Tendies would be reeeing in their basements. 
I do not understand the reference.
Spend some time on the sub, get lost in the craziness and surrealism of it. 
I'm proud of you man.
Your fat
/gigglesnort
Also your size 14 pant? Most people wear pants and not just a single pant but ok
Next time someone tells you you're fat break their legs. 
Um OP.... are you me? 
I, I don't know, Morty.
I'm Morty K2J876, from plasma dimension Que.
I’m Morty from Dimension 304-X 
Brethren!
Way to go!! I was 315 and now 185! Lots of lifting and eating lol I love it!! 
I'm super happy for you. It's like being able to fly.
What's something you're looking forward to?
My german exchange student is coming in like two weeks and I'm so freaking excited!
In December I visit my birth country and get to see my dad  again!
What's your small-to-everyone-else-but-huge-to-you success right now? I want to hear your anonymous little victories!
After 4 years, I just won child support from my kid's mom.
What were the last 2 games you played?
Dead By Daylight and Outlast
So it'd be DBD but with role reversal?
Overwatch and Hearthstone 
Skyrim and Oblivion 
So your combined game Elder Scrolls Online?
Brawhalla and btd6
Video Kid and Forza Horizon
PUBG MOBILE and FIFA MOBILE
I once found and turned in a diamond tennis bracelet and got a reward for it.
Who cares if there is more or less honest to dishonest ratio of people.
Today marks 3 months of sobriety for me..
Congrats man.  In 3 days I'll have made it 365 days without watching porn and jacking off
Just found out I have a half brother!
Your dad is kind of a pos here.
Half brother? Did you guys have a machete fight?
A half sibling is when you share only one parent
Where are you all from and what do you do for work?
Ukraine, Donetsk, working as accountant, wanna go home
Time to be home yet? 
I’m from Wisconsin and currently jobless lol
I’m sure you’ll find something. How’s the job market out there?
....It’s terrible lol.
Well that’s..... depressing. What’s your field?
Outside Seattle. I work in a recreational marijuana shop. 
What is your favorite meal?
milksteak with a side of raw jellybeans 
I love jellybeans! What's your favorite flavor? 
I like the green ones.. 
The green ones are delicious, I've never met a green candy I haven't liked. 
steak.. i love a fat juicy steak...
How do you like your steak cooked?
Boiled, over hard.
Is this a tv show reference? 
Is there somewhere else in the world, other than where you are, where you would like to be? Why?
Toronto, Moscow, or Tokyo would be awesome.
Which city has priority? 
Anywhere other then here would be nice
I can understand and agree with your perspective. Whole heartedly. 
I always would like to be in Manhattan.But,I keep dreaming of the deserts in Texas,and Postiano.
Deserts are amazing places. Somewhere there are few people and it’s wide open. 
Films have made me fall madly in love with them.
Documentaries or other films? 
Films like Paris,Texas,Easy Rider,Nocturnal Animals.
I finally found my dream job and I don't care that people look down on me for it.
I’d highly suggest getting into DoorDash or Uber Eats! 
Do any of you need a minimum chill time?
Im absolutely the same. I guess it's just called introversion.
I guess but the definition of introversion is just very dependent on person to person
My job is putting wristbands on people at a museum. My boss says I’m the best wristbander at the place. Here’s all my wristband-related wisdom.
Is there a wristbander awards ceremony? Would still be better than The Oscars...
PFFFT. I challenge you fellow wristbander.
OP i love you 
When i was a teenager, signing up for Facebook made me feel like an adult for some reason. Now that i am an adult, choosing to delete my Facebook makes me feel even more grown up
So many immature people and trolls on Facebook. 
Yet you're on Reddit 🤔
Yeah but we don't know who any of these fucking people are lol
Does anyone else not enjoy being around or hanging out with people, but at the same time are incredibly lonely and want to be around people.
Probably on autistic spectrum
Guaranteed on autism spectrum. It’s a spectrum, everyone’s on it
What is everyone doing?
The Walking Dead I would watch that 
I binged all of Voltron and the Good Place.
I may never have a top post, but I love getting comments from people on my posts
Comment.
I fucking love it
Haha nice!
Have a great day buddy
The little orange envelope makes me feel good 
Me too. Most people on here are pretty cool
It's awesome! Seeing I have messages make me just a little happier inside
Comments and replies are always nice because everyone needs a little attention some times.
This right here is why I love Reddit. Hello!
Penis.
#PENIS
##PENIS
Trolls?
Tend to find them under bridges
Nice to know! 😉
Why did the chicken cross the road? 
I'll bite. Why did the chicken cross the road?
I'm sad, the only replies I ever get from people are insulting or condescending
Hey bud! Thought you'd like another comment! =) 
Silently crying in a McDonald's, got approached by a Grimace mascot.
Iglesia ni Cristo? It's pretty much a mafia organisation by now
/r/HumansBeingBros
I don't think Grimace is a human, though....
Wasn't the Grimace mascot replaced in 99% of the world?
Grimace is fucking terrifying. Glad you're okay. 
I find him cute though. :( 
In a weird purple shit kind of way.
So does everyone remember their first concert?
Damn straight.  AC/DC on the Saturday before I started college on Monday morning.
Anyone want to talk gaming, ice hockey, or Stone Temple Pilots?
Hockey!! You said the magic word
STP is the awesome 
Definitely. Favorite songs or album?
My dad is a metalhead but has had no friends to be a metalhead with, he just found out about Reddit and it’s metalhead community
Before you know it he’ll be on gonewild 
Been redditing for a little while now - I just have to say I love the odd juxtaposition of total immaturity and grownup stuff.
It's the best. 
And GeoffreyStephens of all people agrees!
I'm swell
Yaaaas!!! 🙌🏼
Lol - no post history, but looking for your meaningful and insightful content in the future
No posts, but I’m a wealth of comments! I know some shit, man.😂
Comments are where the actual parties happen.
It truly is
In my opinion, a juvenile username is generally a good indicator of wittiness and erudition.
Hmmm
If you enjoy profound advice from odd usernames, might I suggest r/rimjobsteve
Omg, that is a fantastic sub. Thanks. 
Damn...I need a more interesting username. Might be time to start a second account.
u/ballsucker69
u/peedinyourcheerios99
Welps. Guess I need to act fast. 
Any second now...
You rang? 
I enjoy it too. Almost as much as a nice warm BLP!
Bacon, lettuce, and pesto? That sounds interesting. Maybe I'll try it.
I work real hard at the poo poo factory.
I'm paying a lot more attention to usernames now. This entire thread has been gold lol
Yeah well what’s your deal with pandas?
I agree as well.
Just wanted to get my username in here where someone appreciates it.
Dads 😊
I'll talk about cows all day. I'm getting a tattoo of one probably soon, to go with my rooster.
A cow tattoo?! Rad. 
Did you not carry on the tradition then?
Hey Reddit, it's my birthhday!
Hi birthday twin!!!
Hbd dude. Hopefully the weathers nice so you can enjoy it
The weather is actually quite shitty today!
It's been raining non stop since yesterday!
So what did you get for your birthday?
Tell me a random fun/interesting fact !
Your forearm (from wrist to elbow) is roughly the same length as your foot.
Cows don't have top teeth.
Lost 34 kg (74 pounds) and I feel great!
Cross post it to r/CrewsCrew!
I could, but I don't know how :D
There should be a 'crosspost' button underneath your thread :)
Dude that’s awesome! Just curious: How tall are you? 
What is the thing that you are passionate about and don't understand how not everyone gets excited thinking about it?
The ocean. Fascinating and creepy it’s just mind boggling awesome. Love it. 
What‘s your favorite movie of all time?
Star Wars: Revenge of The Sith
Superbad 
Army of Darkness
I [19F] love The Beatles, and pretty much all 60's music. Are any of you obsessed with a certain year when it comes to music?
Mine is 90's yo early 2000's rock
How did you pick your username(s)?
I just really like clouds tbh
Misheard a voiceline in a PC game
I just want to talk to someone. I’ve only spoken with myself all day today &amp; I feel like that’s kind of sad and...not cool.
I listen to u. Here u are
Victoria Sponge tho.
Nothing fancy - just the regular Tesco variety!
Still. You have one more sponge than i do.
Was there any good thing happening today?
Not at all. Watched some Bojack Horseman which didn’t help with anything, obviously. 
Have you ever gone kayaking?
Unfortunately no. I’m a scaredy-cat when it comes to matters related to water sports 😿
How about walking in water that comes up to your waist?
Gotta find myself a pool first!
There are shallow, slow rivers that can be kayaked on. 
Unfortunately, my word is Fired. Yes, I got fired from my job. 
A lady I don't know told me a joke on the elevator.
My boyfriend was so stuck on asking me what a pinion nut was that the joke lost its oomph! Lol
Made a new account, can't post anywhere due to lack of karma. Lets talk :)
You're doing that too much, please wait at least X minutes before trying again
Wanna trade, upvote for an upvote? Haha  
Also, welcome!
Have an upvote, rules have reasons but still can be a pain!
Australia nearly 7am (6:53) headed to work 
what do you do?
Federal government :)
Tell me something boring
Something boring? 
I plan to wear 65% black clothes tomorrow. ^^
I've been daydreaming about my little PPG fanproject.
If you respond to my messages with things that don’t add value like “lol” or “true”, etc, there’s an 100% chance I won’t reply
True
etc
there’s an 100% chance I won’t reply
I'm really socially awkward in the first place
Your thoughts on men with their ears pierced ?
No. I will never alter my body. 
Why ? I've never had a conversation with someone sharing this opinion.
Because despite being an ugly mug I'll never hurt my precious body. No holes or tattoos. 
It looks good on some guys but personally I wouldn't do it .
Why wouldn't you ? 
Stood up for a girl on the train
You're brave. Thanks for doing that. You're a good guy
I’d hope he’d stand up for a guy too tho
Why....say this?
Feels like it came out of nowhere. 
What a hero you would be if any of this had actually happened.  Get out more 
When you said girl I got pedo vibes. OP, can you clarify this for us?
Is anyone else in awe of existence?
Yes, and I can’t wit for it to be over; Tedious and Brief, that’s what existence is. 
What do you always love to talk about but never get the chance?
Random facts!
Does anyone else get embarrassed when using the internet?
nah I have this alternate account that I hope no one I know knows about
I’m just very angry tonight trying not to be.
Seeing three upvotes made me feel better lol sad but true thank you Reddit 
Cheers bud, Here's to hoping tomorrow won't be as awful as today. 
Odd coincidence ur user name is also my listless sisters name. 
Maybe you should teach her how to make a list someday. Then she won't be listless!!
I joined Reddit because I got sick of Tumblr
I enjoy tumblr from a distance at /r/tumblr
As somebody who loves funny Tumblr posts but got none of that on Tumblr itself, thanks for this!
Does anyone else like music that no one in your friend group is into?
I really like electric swing music. All my friends haaate it. It’s just so fun and catchy. 
My favourite musical genre is sea shanties.
I like music that no-one in my \*century\* is into.
I listen to witch house and electro and such... I never get to play music in my group of friends
Reflecting on the good life at 92!
Do you play Mario or any other video games?
Thank you for your service.
I just asked a girl for her number! She said no, but I feel amazing!
I've been working an actual adult office job for about a year and it's finally happened...
For one minute I thought you work on a porn producer's office.
After my 5th attempt, I finally passed my driving exam.
Where is the first place that you are going to drive to with your car?
My wife has failed 7 times and she still doesn't have her license. She's 43
Well done dude. I did it in my 6th attempt!! 
Does anybody feel that Facebook is full of bottom feeders?
Get better friends?
Nightwish, Epica, Therion, Sirenia, Tristania.
r/symphonicmetal
Started a new account because my old username was kind of cringey, but I forgot that a lot of subs have age and/or karma limits...
Here. Have some karma :)
*street urchin voice* please sir, may I have some more? 
Let me log into my alt-accounts and see what I can do.
mine sucks too. but life taught me people don't care about me either way
Wanna talk about cringy usernames? Have you seen mine...
Eh, that's not too bad. Have you seen mine though? It's actually sounds stupid
I did the same thing! Still building karma as well, take an updooty.
I like your new username. I also like when people call them updoots. Wish I could updoot twice
So That’s what karma is for, aside from the butt pats, I always wondered 
Wait, subs have karma limits? 
What 
I make a new account every 6 months or so just to be safe. 
Sooo, is this your old account then?
here have some free karma
Does anyone else not really feel passionate about anything?
That's why religion can be such a good thing for some people, it gives you a sense of purpose.
Any Redditors interested in random day to day chat?
This is a lovely idea--i hope people get to make friends from it 
Sometimes I wish I could go back when I was 16. Phones weren’t as popular, my friends and I would ride around in bikes, and we would have to go to each others house to see if they were home to go out.
My phone's battery lasts 2 days.
Yeah, nobody contacts me either. 
Tell me something interesting about yourself.
What if I told you there's nothing interesting about me?  :(
If it was possible to overdose on tea, I'd have died  at age 13.
i am at work also ....not being productive lol
What else is Reddit for but to distract us from day to day droning of the workplace... 
Three weeks ago my life exploded.
How the fuck did you manage to get that type of relationship on reddit in a matter of weeks 
Honesty, would be my guess.
May I have the link to your novel 
Name of your novel?
It's called The Lucky Falcon. 
Whats your book called?
Come visit the Netherlands! 
It's one of the first places we're visiting!
Awesome! Let me know if you guys wanna hang out 😀
I’m just happy I had free donuts for breakfast.
monday funday of 5 q's!
1. Nobody uh uh
3. Spooky black
4. Not sure 
5. Hope 
spooky black.
reminded me of something nsfw haha sorry
I'm not at work tell me 
hahahah i see
tori black?
I guess it's kinda close...
somewhat. some might say.
real chit 
chit?
real shit my man 
? Not sure. Anyone I liked, I guess.
Not sure.
Grilling out.
...who?
oh you know. her.
Not really, though.
Everyone has one, what is your talent?
I can play the triangle 
Make fat sounds with my hand
Can't think of one...
I make great sawdust.
Solve the Rubik's cube in sub 30 seconds
Do you ever realize how amazing your life is?
Yeah but then the depression and anxiety kicks in
Lately I've been thinking that every human being on this planet has depression
I nearly killed myself yesterday so I would have to say no. 
I envy you. 
Thank you two for not killing yourself. 
Want to chat but not inspired at all...
I almost lit myself on fire on my own bedroom making a halloween costume.
H-how come?
I'm 23 years old and I've finally got my mental health under control to the point I'm off my meds and I have my first full time job.
27 and not quite there yet. Happy for you!
Ate some psychedelic mushrooms about an hour or two ago and just feel like chatting with people.
You tripping balls yet?
Accompanying someone at a gathering, this is really not my crowd. Wanna talk for a bit?
What's up holmes?
How did you know they used to call me like at university?
I basically know everything.
Right...
What's my favourite colour? 😛
It's red obviously. 
WRONG!
Was I close? 
Will you make me mac n cheese? 
Nope, sorry mon. 
I thought you were supposed to be there for me..
Not for mac n cheese my darling 
C'mon maaaane. 
I can make you spaghetti with a light sauce 
That would be lovely. You are the best ever. 
😘
Is there anything I can do for you?
Get me out of here...
Just bomb a couple xanax
Where am I going to get it from?
Im emailing you some right now. 
What is your type of gathering (I'm asking as the resident recluse)
Not depressed, and im not bored either
Tell me about yourself! 
In short. I'm just a normal 23 year old guy from new York looking for adventure in life!
How are you gunna choose your adventure? 
Job? Is it fun?
Job? Fun? Like my job?
Yeah is it fun
Sure. Considering I'm jobless lol
Are you a student? 
Nah just currently searching for a job
8If you could have any job, what would it be?
I met someone on reddit!
That's like a once-in-a-lifetime coincidence (a good one too). Nice, man.
i wish the same thing happen to me, oh well.
Anyone looking to make a friend feel free to message me.
I always wanted to have an internet friend who also happened to live nearby.
I know right?! I wish 
What is this r4r? I would like a friend too!
I've been wanting to post there myself, but I've been nervous for some reason 
What are you doing for valentines?
imma ask someone to be my valentine, and then if it goes well imma ask her to stay my valentine
Probaly just be at home and cry
GF and me are going to dinner at a restaurant, super excited. :)
i'm gonna tell the truth about our relationship on valentines
Is it a dramatic truth? 
kinda. I'm just gonna say I like her.
Go to olive garden and hide the ring pop in a chicken breast
wtf
be sad and wish my girlfriend wasn't away at a different uni
I'll just go to gym and play Apex legends :3
How 5 year old me was vegan for 23 hours and 57 minutes
r/accidentalcomingout
Freudian slip for sure!
...because you're actually a lesbian? 
/r/SubsIFellFor 
mom dad, I'm vegan, from now on i will only suck dick. 
Mom: *jackpot!*
Bingpot
You're not Cheddar! 
You're just some common bitch!
It’s “Nikolaj”.
Nikolaj
*Nikolaj*
Real talk though, is cum vegan?
At 5 years old how did you know the word lesbian? 
r/boneappletea
Are you even female? It would be even funnier if you were a dude
The first one feels like the lie but I’m unsure why.
My job involves free concerts every week
I have a snake
I speak two languages 
Hmm... I'm guessing you have a pet spider, not a pet snake
you do not speak 2 languages!
German and English!
I’m a music major in college
I play the trombone
I’m a twin
My grandma recognized me today
I'll love you forever, I'll love you for always. As long as you're living my baby you'll be.
Someone just told me “talking to you makes me so so happy, you’re so genuine” honestly it’s one of the best compliments
Wait you're a man?
So apparently I can’t just do laundry anymore, very vaguely nsfw
That is a hilarious story. I hope that lady learned her lesson about being so nosy.
Prob not, she seemed a bit off lol
The worst ones usually are.
I’m crying 😂😂😂 The fact that you could *prove* your innocence on my god that’s hilarious 
I can’t downvote this enough.
This should be put on r/justiceporn 
I'm confused on the
Have you never heard the term before or do you think I’m making a sexual innuendo
I'm gonna be a dad!!!!!
7+ billion people in the world but sure let's keep adding more and act like it's a good thing.
My 21yr son has a six figure bank account but dog sits for $20/day on the side because I like dogs.
Will you adopt me too?
Wouldn't do you any good.  I'm not the reason the kid has bank.
You doing ok today? Feel like chatting or need to vent? I'm all ears.
What time is it there? 
You watching the superbowl?
Nah I'm not a big football guy.
Hi there!  Favorite Pokémon?
clefairy. Yours?
I think I should buy a boat.
Describe the plot of your favourite book in the most boring way possible.
A bunch of people walk a lot and toss some jewelry into a pit
What's the name of the book?
A man goes on a roadtrip with his stepdaughter.
Wow. What's the name of the book?
A farmer tries to find a rock that someone stole - The Belgariad (Series) by David Eddings.
Sounds... great hah. Are they fantasy books?
An orphan meets a convict then gets rich and becomes a jerk.
Some people write an encyclopedia.
The Foundation Series : Issac Asimov
A vet with PTSD thinks he can travel through time and talk to aliens - Slaughterhouse Five
But that sounds interesting... hah
I am 55 years old and I just baked for the first time in my life.
Congrats! Can we get an update on how they taste once they're cooled?  They look damn tasty.
I thought you meant ‘got baked’ heehee
I was 12 when that happened. lol.
So you got baked about thirty years before you ever baked!
43 years :)
Try brownies! Super quick, and extremely rewarding! 
After six months of frustating job hunt, I finally got a job!
Big congrats. lol I still can't find anything over minimum wage and I graduated 4 years ago
I won 8 figures in the lottery.
Niiiiice! Get a financial adviser to help you get set up for life!
Rip your DMs, it’s gonna be beggars for months
DELETE YOUR GYM
HIT THE LAWYER
FACEBOOK UP
instructions unclear, dick stuck in toaster.
Now join r/wallstreetbets and we can turn that 8 figure payout into six figures in no time!
Me too! I got $00,000,005!
i got a question, is there any such thing as a “low 8 figures” that’s a fuck ton of money
Why the fuck did you just tell that to the world
“I don’t plan on telling anyone else”...except all of Reddit lol. 
Like anyone can find put who OP is through this one post 
Still told us all. 
But it doesn't matter, we don't know him irl
But he still told us. 
And it STILL doesn't matter 
And he still told us. 
I just got my driver‘s license!
I got mine just yesterday! That was stressful, I'm glad it's over ^^
I also recently got my drivers license
I can't sleep because I'm...
I'm working haha. 
Is it day or night where you are? 
Night. Currently 5:26 A.M. outside cams are showing a good dusting of fresh snow. 
I’m up because the neighbors barking dog woke up my baby 😑
Anyone want their Tarot cards read?
Pick me!
I'll bite.
Yeah!! 
How is my relationship with my crush gonna go?
I know it’s been a few hrs but you still reading? I have questions I could use help with. Thx
i'm 30 karma away from hitting 1k!
Now your 31 karma away. Welcome to reddit. 
28 now, sweaty 
Your brother knows your reddit username? I also like to live dangerously
omg i'd rather die than have anyone know my username 
So how will you prove it?
I'm 10 karma away from hitting 1K! I've been on this site for over 2 years though haha
I'm showing you at 1024, (2\^10).  Congratulations!
whoa, thanks buddy!!
I just downvoted everything in your history
dude
Im like 28 000 away from 100k
^/s
I can tell the future
What am I going to do today?
What would be the presidents response, and what will I do today?
Presidents response to what?
You're gonna play civ before going to work
When will the queen of England die
Will I ever find true love? 
Who'll win the OWL? 
Valiant will beat Excelsior 
Will I get into Imperial this year 
I can predict the future too. You're going to be wrong. Deal with it.
Since you can, how will I deal with it?
&gt;Since you can, how will I deal with it?
go cry or diddle yourself lol
Why not both?
Will the girl whose in my mind text me again ?
There's a couple girls on your mind haha, only one of them won't.
I've just set an alarm. When will it go off precisely? In your time zone, I'll convert
0613 
I just paid off my Student Loans!!
Financial Freedom in 2019? ;)
Congrats! I made my final payment about 4-5 years ago. I celebrated by eating a bowl of cereal. 
Thank you. What kind of cereal? 
Learning english at such a young age helped me learn about many things
Just saying, you have better Grammer then most english speaking people so, your doing good haha
*than  *you're
Found the grammar nazi
Hahaha I am joking, not even a native English speaker. :'D
Figured, you didn't point out that 'grammer' is spelt grammar. 
I love it.
I’m happy.
CONGRATS
Great job!! What are you studying? 
Congrats!! And happy cake day :)
tuesday is the q's day, right?
1. Coworker to be honest
2. I guess my SIL
3. Clumsy
4. Songs
5. Naw, I'm good
coworker?
1. Tinder guy
2. Last Fuck Buddy
3. N/A
4. Music
5. Yeah. I want to see Mandy maybe. 
ayo fwb 
friends with benefits
Hey CC! It’s my birthday today and I want you to tell me your favorite movie by telling me your favorite quote from the movie.
I. WILL NOT. DIE. SOBER!!! GET THOSE F***ING LUUUDES!! 
If this is Fear &amp; Loathing I’m going to be pissed I don’t remember the part
“YOU’RE SUPPOSED TO STICK IT IN THE GROUND!”
“IT *IS* IN THE GROUND!” 
Old Toby...the finest weed in all the south farthing
Ayyyy! 
My quote was between those movies and what I quoted.  Which one was your favorite 
Some men just want to watch the world burn
I made a custom hoodie for a singer that I like, not sure if he would like it. A day after I gave it to him, I saw him wearing it in public, and he uploaded a photo of him wearing it on his Instagram. I still can't believe it.
You're not gonna give their band a shoutout? Booo
That's so awesome! And CNCO is Ah-mazing!! :) 
Yo, CNCO makes AMAZING music, I'm happy for you.
Whats your favourite song by them, and which member was it???
Today is 3 years since i quit cigarettes cold turkey. I now know what a rose smells like
Hey, you've got me beat by exactly one year.  I quit two years ago on this day.
You quit smoking the day I made this Reddit
Happy Cakeday!
I quit cold turkey 28 days ago! Going strong so far.
Hey, exactly the same here - wanna check in on each other in a year?
If you could live anywhere in the USA where would you pick and why?
Where is the pay/take home money the best considering local cost of living and median housing?
I bought a Roomba.
I hope you attach a music speaker to it and call it DJ roomba 
r/unexpectedpawnee
Well? Did you make your cats ride it yet???
I'm bloody trying but he's a stubborn ass 🙄
Try giving the roomba more attention and see if that helps. 
Did you remember to buy a pack of googly eyes to accessorize your new roomba?
...oh my god
Get the really big ones.
You forgot to tell us where to buy it and how much. What a blatant ad.
Is it an i7? Is it as good as they say it is?
Drunk, stoned, coked up, and home alone for the next 3 days. Tell me about what's been bothering you.
How much coke do you have? About to get some myself in a few hours.
Why do we park on a driveway and drive on parkway ? 
I have no one to tell really, but I got my first publication in a healthcare journal!
Ooh cool! What was it about? 
Thank you! More or less virtual reality in pain management and VR use in clinical settings.
How'd you get started on it? What led you down your path, friend?
Not your friend buddy!
Congratulations! That's so awesome!
I hate reading but I would like to develop an interest in books
  How about comic books or manga  seems like a good middle ground  
He shushes me so they could sleep.
Now test him on lawyer jokes and see if he has a sense of humour 
He could be shushing you because he’s choosing his next victim. 
One year off drugs and one year into the best job ever!!!
heroin sucks ass
you, my friend, kick ass :)
Coming up on six myself, so happy for you. I know that liberated feeling. Congratulations! 
First time in a mental ward
What's your favorite pizza toppings?  A potentially controversial topic, I know....
I'm new around here, and I definitely don't want to start an army of highly skilled individuals
I like trains.
My boss told me today that I’m in the top 10 best bartenders he’s ever worked with today.
What he didn't say was that he only worked with 9 other bartenders
Zinger 
who was the top ten yesterday? does he make a top ten everyday?
Shoulda asserted dominance and ask why he was insulting you. You're number fucking one damnit.
Today I have my second interview for a well-paying job that will CHANGE THE GAME for me if all goes well. Here goes nothin'
Wishing you well! ☺️
Thank you!! :)
Show then you are a leader and a delegator. Send somebody else in your place for the interview.
Good luck! I’ve got one tomorrow too! Eek!
Tell us the result. Good luck!
Will do!! Thank you!
Yay! Break a leg!!
Explain your username
Hackers, the movie.  
I like Sailor Moon, so I wanted something Sailor Scout-ish.
I sell doors
Do you know how easy it is to come up with a username?
I like cheese and weed. 
It's a combination of a band that I liked and my favourite name. 
It’s a puzzle 🧩 
how do YALL cook your hot dogs.
i fry them in a pan
FRY EM 
Or boil w the kid on, so the hotdogs soak up water and expand. 
Boiling is the wrongest wrong. 
I walked in on my roommate cross-dressing, and my reaction was not what I expected
If your roommate ever finds out that you saw, pass on your compliment.
It might be appreciated. 
I kinda want to but we've been friends for four years...might make things weird
Dude you don't have to fuck him.
I think I read this hentai and it ends very well for both of you. 
Everybody be nice.  Homophobic comments are not nice, and will be removed.  
He may not even be into other men. Some people just like to crossdress.
Do you guys ever feel the urge to say. “I love you” to random people?
I desperately want to put x’s at the end of comments. Xxx
You did it, how did it feel?
Lovely! Xx
No, but I love fist bumping and hugging people at techno concerts. 
You go to a lot of techno concerts? That sounds like a fun time.
No, I only go once every 3 months. 
r/mdma
I’ve yet to try it, but I do love that community.
The sub is ok, the real thing's pretty spectacular, just be safe.
I'm a busser at a restaurant, and a waitress nonchalantly said that to me.
Maybe the only way she can say I love you is with a monotonous tone.
I just passed my exam, im officially a Engineer
YAY!!!!!
Congrats, I gave you silver to make you happier
I don't know what silver is but thanks a lot!! n_n
My brother came out to me today!
You must be a good sister!
It’s really that simple. Clearly OP cares about his/her brother
Anyone else got a dry sense of humor and people don’t get it?
No. I'm a very serious man. Humor is all about ambiguity and I prefer to be straightforward.
That’s okay too.
I finally stood up to a bully at work.
Haha, I mean that's funny, but maybe less assault next time. 
The amount I applied was held back.
Maybe only verbal assault next time?
ahh, it's so reddit in here.
next time kick his dick off, and then twist it.
Give him the ol' dick twist.
I’d wait to hear the full story before I said that. 
Go ahead, I'm listening. 
You for sure could have handled this without hitting someone and losing your job..
Well since you've got a pregnant wife and a baby on the way do you really think this was smart? 
Wait, really?!?
For those times when you just *can't* go to HR.
I took a personal day and didn't disguise it as a sick day.
You took a day off to hang out with your dogs? FFS.
Dogs are the best company..
If people don't like you. Dog people are the new cat ladies.
If being a dog person is cool,  consider me Miles Davis 
That's the grossest thing I've heard in my life.
You haven't lived. 
I had anti-vax parents and am finally saving up to get vaccinated!
We should be friends, simply based on this monumental accomplishment.
Doesnt insurance cover vaccination?
After 2 years as a full-time single dad, and 14 months in court, today I finally signed papers for full custody and proper support!
Congrats and close that chapter and open a new one with a guys night out!  You and your son! 
His B-day is coming up soon so we are going to do dinner and the Lego Movie 2. I'm excited!
Im on a 24 hour shift. Anyone want a casual conversation? Look to pass the time.
No one to chat so Ill just talk to myself
I’m about 1 year clean from self harm.
Good job, I hope I can get the one day too
I love you all
I love you too, you beautiful human being :)
Heya- haven't done this in awhile! TIME FOR SOME TRUTH OR TRUTH!
What's your favorite meme....
Can I just pass at the start?
What new music are ya listening to lately? 
I don’t listen to new music. Been listening to Dispatch a lot recently.
What's your favorite meal? 
tRuTh
You have to eat the last meal you ate every day for a year! Hows life? 
Are you hungry right now???
Idk. I hope not tbh
My son was born last night and I must say that my wife is the strongest woman I know.
Congratulations to you both! And welcome to the world son of u/ThatTrippyHippie 😀 
Congratulations! What's his name?
I complimented a lonely girl, and it had an effect
r/wholesome :)
Awe &lt;3
I generally don't compliment strangers because I don't want to come off as creepy
I really don’t know how to take a compliment. =[
Please give me some compliments too.
Uhhhhhhhhhhhh you write good?
Good for you. Keep doing this. It's the best habit you could ever have.
I’m 16 and today was my first day working at a restaurant and my first real job
how was your day at work ?
It was really good actually thanks for asking
no problem! Whats your schedule?
Well today I worked 5 and a half hours from 8 to 3:30
Nice! How much per hour?
My favourite part of reddit is when a bot gives an answer like a measurement conversion and it says “I am a bot, downvote to delete.” And then people reply with “good bot”.
Good bot
My son came out of school with his hair sticking out all crazy like a lion. When I asked him why, he said, I may or may not have tried to get away with mismatched socks in PE by being Albert Einstein.
And then everybody clapped
That kid's name?
Reminds me of ''Le petit prince''.
That's my favorite book!
Source: see my pfp
I haven't read it. What's it about?
I will, then. If I remember... My memory is famously terrible.
Little prince by Saint-Exhupery
Thank you. Will you mind if I screen shot this and email it to myself?
My divorce was finalized yesterday and I'm officially a single dad of 4 boys. Took my boys to Chilis and the lady sitting next to us bought us all a Mini Molten after seeing how well behaved my boys are and hearing that they are bilingual.
How old are they?
Chilis ad. Got it.
Lol... they do have those amazing Baby back baby back baby back ribs... and bbq sauce!!! 
A year ago I was a homeless drug addict, tomorrow I'm getting a promo and raise at the office I work in
Congrats :) 
Congrats!! That's fantastic! You can share your victory with us. 
Today my son went to the dentist and got a hair cut
As a high functioning autistic myself, I'm proud of him!
Wish i was autistic. Such easy upvotes
Still not sure why u got a haircut at the dentist...
Anyone have any favorite dishes they haven't had in a while?
Cabbage rolls!
My mom's lasagna.
To those of you here who suffer from anxiety, I now understand a little and sympathise massively. You guys are damn strong.
Anxiety sucks but its also for pussies
Today I'm gonna cut my hair after almost 15 years growing up!
Before and after pics!
On the post! :)
Today, a girl at the supermarket gave me an extra chicken drumstick
She likes you
I want to believe ;)
Rejection is better than regret
Damn she wanted to FUCK
Or she just did it out of politeness
nah... she wanted to fuck. I like that option more.
You should've given her the drumstick then
Is she fat and ugly ?!
In Mali that's the same thing as a proposal of marriage. 
In Singapore I would have proposed marriage to her.
In Russia, chicken propose to you
*florida man picks up trumpet and starts playing the Soviet Union anthem*
Go back and ask for her thighs instead 😏
Or, y’know, not be a creep 
A package was stolen from my doorstep, and I just found the thief’s hiding spot.
Please pay your cat tax 
My parents found a post I made on Reddit so I had to scorch earth my old account and delete it
Giving you an upvote to help you rebuild. 
Thank you, I greatly appreciate it.
I'm finally back on Reddit after the government shut down the internet
Welcome back! 
Great to be back! Been crazy catching up on the news (Spider-Man trailer woooow)
It wouldnt matter to me because i dont have friends anyway ;-;
Why did I read this with an accent?
What are some of your unrealistic goals?
Get an amazing body, but I love salt and vinegar chips too much
what’s been troubling you?
You got this! Focus on your studies and your boyfriend will be back before you know it! 
just tryin to survive the crypto winter
I think my appendix is about to explode and I'm stuck in a waiting room for the next hour. Let's talk about literally anything
Gun control would 100% work and we should repeal the 2nd amendment 
I can always walk you through our septic tank install we are doing.
So, how about those Patriots.
Hobby-based subreddits can be pretty elitist.
Get into mycology, you don't need money to find mushrooms! 
Even the marijuana based subs are that way. It's ridiculous. 
What happened to the box?
I gave it to her and she was like uhhh thanks? Haha. Whatever, I worked hard on it. 
Bwoah. Are you still together? Also, how did you like it? Were you satisfied with it?
Lol no, we broke up a few years ago. We don't speak, unsurprisingly. 
What’s something most people find to be an unattractive feature that you find attractive?
Softness. 
A hump
Neon hair colours!
I love having fun hair! 
I just got back my grades and I got an A for a subject I thought I was going to fail!
Great to hear! Good job, keep up the good work
Luuuucky I got a D in my Calc class and I’m gonna have to re take it over the summer
development journalism
After Years of Trying, I’m Pregnant!
Time to join [r/babybumps!](reddit.com/r/babybumps)  congrats op!!!!
Well you certainly milked this opportunity for maximum upvotes
did you finally find out how a penis works lol?
Good evening, Reddit! Give me a song and I'll rate it!
Despacito
All I Want for You is Christmas
Ahahah
What does you mean?
I just found funny the way you wrote it. 
Names and Races- Foreign Fields 
Greyhound - Calpurnia 
Lack of snow is messing with me
I live in Canada for gods sake and it only got to -15 this winter 😪
*only* -15 degrees 
It’ll be -20 on Thursday so I guess I should be a little happy 
THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS CLIMATE CHANGE!!
Would you rather...
Hour on the moon. I hate traveling
Neither.. both sound miserable 
I have been in the US for almost 7 years now and I can't order a coffee correctly.
As a foreigner I got diabetes just by reading that.
As a foreigner all I can say is: 太多糖
As another foreigner, all I can say is 我不懂普通话.
As a third foreigner, all I can say is: kjære vene
As a fourth foreigner, all I can say is : xakreechi pida 
As a fifth foreigner living in the us all I can say is: holy frijoles!
As an American living in the US, all I can say is... “yeah, sorry about that.”
As an american soldier during 1964 in teufort all I can say is shut up! This is my post now
What would you say if I created a number bigger than infinity and I called that number Enigma?
Simply, infinity + infinity = infinity. 
Enigma + 1 = Infinity
First the cereal, then the milk. I don't know about you but many people told me the opposite 
I am a black conservative Christian who kinda enjoys debates. 
How much time you got?
Plenty of it, time that is. What type of debates interest you the most? 
Every type really haha. I enjoy hot takes and honest discussion.
Nice! Do you debate yourself or do you just enjoy watching them? 
That cheese is fucking disgusting.
Pineapple on pizza is great (if you wanna get *really* unpopular: pineapple + mushrooms)
Pineapple ham and bacon is one of the best combinations ever.  
So ive heard but i can eat 
That is a tragedy. 
I shall eat one in your honor. 
I need some online friends
Ok then hi
What's ya favorite color?
I like blue and green. What’s yours 
Red and blue
Nice do you like to read
Sometimes I'm extremely pick though
Me too what’s your favorite book
Don't really have one but I'm reading the last wish a witcher book right now
Sounds cool what’s it about
It's a fantasy book about witchers which are essentially kids trained from birth to kill monster
Maybe share some interests and a bit more about yourself?
Ok then umm I like the netfix show Voltron and the seven deadly sins I like to read and draw too
Hey what do ya like to do?
Eat. I’m fat. 
Anyone casually take baths?
Of course over people do, otherwise how would bath bomb industry thrive?? haha
I went to the store with $5,32 I had in leftover change.
I feel like that deserves some kind of acheivement
r/outside
Più culo che cuore 
why did you buy 532$ in bananas
It's  5.32 
no, it's 5,32$ I'm nitpicking the confusing and/or annoying grammar.
Am I the only American who thought it was five thousand dollars?
Frugal Freddy over here, and a healthy choice to boot!
Some countries use commas for decimals. You're not wrong in your useage of the comma, just FYI!
I know, we don't where I'm from, but many people were complaining
Well they are very rude haha. Not everything revolves around how America does it 
My whole life I always thought everyone showered standing up and that was the normal thing to do but after meeting my girlfriend I’ve realised not everyone does.
I was about to get in the shower, I think I'm going sit this time and see how it goes hehehe
Whaaaat? This is actually new to me that people do this
CT scan results for cancer came back today...
Great news! Congratulations!
Good news on a Thursday
Best Thursday (or any day) i've had in a while
I just realized I could let the shower warm up before stepping in
Hahaha, shit this made me laugh...
Made my day tbh
Whats that flair sorta thing you got there?
Idk, something bout a cat. I like cats. Why? You got something against my flair eh?
A cat? Boy I think I’m seeing something else than you, I see a orange snoo sorta thing
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, isn't that what they say? lol
Yeah, never seen anything like that on mobile. How do?
Commenting only to experiment with adding said flair. 
All those wasted years! But think of all the water you've saved. 
the water is not really lost actually. 
Am I the only one who does that on purpose (/knowingly) to save water? 
Put a bucket until the water is hot
Lol and then do what with the water? Cook? 
Wait, the water gets hot? 
Wait you can turn the shower...on?
Wait am I even real
I didn't want to be the one to tell you this but...you're a shower. 
Wait, there's water?
-- Flint, probably.
All you need now is a shower beer. 
I don’t blame you, this is fully parenting fail.  
im confused. how have you been taking your showers for the past 28 years before that day? 
Stepping into the shower and turning it on, getting blasted with cold water before it warms up
Yeah but what if it was a unfamiliar shower? You just stand there turning knobs???? Come on?
Literal r/showerthoughts 
Best one I've seen yet
I know someone who for years thought it was the blue bonnet plague. 
R/boneappletea
R/foundthemobileuser
Higher Education level doesnt mean your not stupid.
The water is not immediately warm? Do y'all have medieval showers?? 
I was 32 when I realized that Santa was the dad in “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus.”
I am having a Depression Episode, and I am trying to fight it trying to fight it. AMA or just talk to me. No Pity Party please!
What do you do for work? Do you like it?
Who the F*ck is there?
P.S.: Thanks, this is awesome.
A little old lady
old? How old is old?
I would say she is about 75 to 80ish years old
Yikes!  Build for comfort, not for speed.  #LOL
Are we going to finish this joke?? Haha ( I'm sure you've heard this one before)
Yes, let's do it.
Who's there?
A Little old lady
O RLY?
Could you peruse my comments and post history and ‘critique’ me?
Took a short scroll through post history, you seem annoying.
You're an attention whore who is trying too hard to garner said attention. Lighten up.
I disagree. You didn’t fin any post or comment you read funny?
Thanks for reinforcing my point.
Today my wife and I are officially done with credit card debt and student loans totaling $15k!
Dave Ramsey would be proud!  Congratulations!!
72k. Kill me
I’m at 100 and my gf is at 40. Law school was a poor choice.
Did you agree to do that while under 18?
What’s your sign + Chinese Zodiac animal? Mine is Scorpio + Year of the Dog- so I’m a scorpion dog!
Scorpio + year of the monkey 
A scorpion monkey sounds terrifying, tbh. I wouldn’t want to meet one!
Dragon Gemini 
Tiger and pisces. Catfish :')
Cancer hare: quite... Strange?
Leo + Monkey 
I just picture a golden tamarin when I think of lion monkey
Tiger and Gemini. *I'm a two headed tiger.* 
Oooh, intense! Which one of your heads is a liar, then? Lol!
I'm a Pisces and the Year of the Dog. So I guess Imma dog fish. Fish dog? Fish with dog legs?
Dogfish, of course! My favorite!
Aquarian dog 🐶 
I'm an Aquarius and Dragon so I guess just a wet dragon :p 
Rooster aries. Basically a sheep bird, I lost this game. 
I learned an amazing lesson from a substitute teacher years ago, and I just learned that he died.
people die the last time they’re remembered. 
Welp, nearly 20 years of friendship out the window!
I can't whistle or snap. That's all. 
Anyone else wish we could just take a food pill and not worry about eating all day?
It’s called speed. And that’s what it does. 
My doctor calls it Concerta..
I like eating food
Salmon tuna and eel
Are best raw with rice
You're one syllable short of a haiku.
Ohh no! Where did I go wrong, what word?
Second line needs one more syllable.
As a hypoglycemic (I start shaking if my sugar gets low) that would be super useful. 
Me too, even when I have no appetite 
It SUCKS I'm trying to lose weight here. STOP SHAKING
Have you tried those Glucose tablets?
What? I had no idea that existed. 
I'm getting my second tattoo in two weeks!!
I've never had a tattoo. But I'd love to get one. What kind of tattoo are you getting? 
My penpal ghosted me after a year of daily conversations
Guess he only wanted to use his pen a different way or his gf told him to ghost you
You looking for a new penpal? 
Sure. Hit me up :) 
Tell us a bit about yourself :)
Well why don't you start first? :) haha!
Well, I like using Reddit. 
I’m gay
Hi gay, nice to meet you
Dad?
Great! Talk to you in a year!
NEXT!! 
Online friendships tend to end that way
Hey, Fellow Singaporean. (Yes I checked your history)
Even ones with a real good connection? 
I hope this doesn’t happen to me and my penpal. I’m used to talking to him almost everyday 
Well I guess shit do happen sometimes, but I hope you won't have to go through that! 
Yesterday I found out why my grandmother abstained from chicken meat her whole life
My grandfather also never ate chicken. Due to witnessing chicken cannabilsm during the war. 
which war tho
Damn, how old's your grandfather? He was there in the 2nd war??
*caniballism
Fucking metal.
your granny is still scared of feathers?
Oh no lil nugget! Is that how they make popcorn chicken?
I told my granny this over the phone and she started screaming.
Why are you trying to kill your gran?
I want to celebrate something with you guys
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GO FOR THE BIG SHOTS
I'M GONNA DO IT
YES U ARE 
GOOD MORNING WHAT ARE YOUR PLANS FOR THE DAY?
U TALKING TO ME OR OP
SORRY I FELL ALSEEP LOL
happy birthday, fun fact, today is Nicolas Cage's birthday too
Happy birthday! Go do something fun :)
Thank you! Might do some karoke tonight 🎤 
Hey we're birthday twins! Happy birthday!
Happy birthday fren! 🎂🎉 
Eyy me too! Happy birthday, fellas 
Eyo samzies, Happy Birthday to us!
And another one, happy birthday guys!
Happy Birthday OP
No its not otherwise you would have a cake by your name
My birthday too! Except I guess I'm a youngin, I turned 20!
Happy Birthday. It's my birthday, too. 35 here; I'll try to make the most of it.
IT IS YOUR BIRTHDAY. 
It's a statement of fact. 
Happy birthday man, its my birthday too! 
Guess all the cool kids are born on the 7th
what do you want for your birthday?
You've lived almost twice as much as me, happy birthday!
Wow, I can say the same of my son who'll be 19 next month! 
Happy birthday! We’re glad you’re here ❤️
Does anyone else instead of emotionally eating when they get sad, they don’t eat at all and starve?
Yes! I went 24 hours without eating nothing last year
Happy Sunday! What do y'all have planned for the day?
Nothing, laying on the bed as usual.
Doesn't sound half bad :P I'm doing the same thing
What are you doing when are you laying in bed? 
Typically playing xbox, watching Netflix, or listening to music/audiobook. What about you?
Mostly listening music and redditing/snapchatting.
That x guy/gal...
I'm known as that weird dude that doesn't talk much and has no friends.
I saw the sweetest thing at the supermarket today and if made me cry. I'm still crying like a baby which is super unusual and I need to share this.
I want this so bad aha but I shouldn't worry too much I am only 17!
Choose wisely Simba ! 
I appreciate it :) although there isn't much choosing, it sort of just happens
🍫? Where'd the chocolate come from. Strawberry mixed with Vanilla makes chocolate? 😲
Where'd the cashier come from if they're in the self checkout line?
She was in the self checkout line the couple was old school with the cashier
Correct. 
My Fiancee Up and Moved 3000 miles away with no jobs or housing and it worked perfectly.
So did you guys make friends out there? How did you meet other people? 
Have people seriously stopped using DVDs?
I could not even tell you the last time I touched a DVD.  
Why bother? I just pirate what I want and store a copy of the stuff I like on an ext drive.
Join us at /r/FuckImOld
I'm 19!!
What would you do if you received 1 million dollars, right now?
Move to some european country probably. But first I'd travel A LOT. 
which one?
Portugal or Spain, probably. There's always Italy and France also
invest in the revolution
revolution?
I got all of my hourly employees raises for the second time in 6 months!
Man, I wish I made just $10/hour.
What company is it and what do you do on the job? Just curious
Anonymity, my friend. Not sharing that on the interwebs. 
Fair enough. What about just saying what you do?
Someone get this man a whiskey!
Lady!
I'm officially hired at my first job
How much is the salary and when do you work? I’m planning on working at mcdonalds too
11/hr I think. And I work mornings 8-2 
Only 6 hours? How many days per week?
Jesus christ you're 15?
enjoy burger flip mcdonalds wage slave
I will recommend a song to you based on your post history!
Hello =)
Hit me up my dude. I love getting music recommendations. 
What is the smallest amount of money that would change your life?
$940 to cover rent. 
I always say my biggest mistake in life was not being born rich. 
$170.  I would get my FAFSA unlocked and head to nursing school.
you need to pay to get financial aid?
I wish this sub had way more traffic than it does.
I second this! It's nice to just chat with people again. 
I have zero memory of anything I was never interested in.
you'll have no problem remember all that shit when it matters
It rapidly becomes interesting when tke required to know it.
My new dress has pockets!
sorry to say, but your year has peaked
I know right? It can't possibly get better than this! 
All of the hours I have wasted people watching have been worth it for this moment
Makes me wonder what each of us has done or said to be indelible in a strangers life? 
Read as inedible. Was confused
No matter how many years pass you always think of those friends you made online
i used to chat with VIETNAMVEGGIE when i was a little kid, I hope he's doing ok out there
You never know. he might Google his username and see this 
My online friend is now my SO of over 3 years :)
wow that's great!! how did you meet? 
2019 has been the worst year of my life so far
Well you can only go up from here
Looking on the bright side huh
Just not stairs
r/underratedcomments
dude you can't call a comment underrated 5 minutes after it's posted
Underrated 
Underrated
r/KarmaRoulette
/r/overratedcomment
r/subsifellfor ?
r/overratedreplies
r/subsididntfallfor
That's one helluva NYE party 
Step party ft DJ ankle. 
&gt; I am literally dying
I hate people who say this shit
I bet youre fat. 
I bet you live in your moms basement and cant get a job.
At this rate you will die before the Queen
Anybody else excited about 2019?
im excited because i will graduate from school •-•
High school? College? 
high school 
For some reason I’m on edge about it. 
Just general anxiety?
Fair enough, life’ll do that
We lost my brother to the dark side.
I think this might be more of a /r/SeriousConversation...
He’s Woke tho, right?? 
Sure! I, uh. Have no idea what that means. 
I just caught my SO walking in a slow and elegant manner, putting each foot exactly in front of the other --all while moving his hands over his head, as if drawing a perfect semi circle behind him.
I'm struggling to picture this, can someone help me out? 
What does SO mean
Significant other
What is your spirit animal?
A sloth bear.
Username checks out.  
What about them connects with you?
cat, also your flair is awful and SHOULD NOT be yellow 
I didn’t get drunk last night, therefore am not nursing a hangover and I love it!
I didn't either but I stayed home sick and instead opted to rob 10 year olds on Sea of Thieves
Watch “you”!
Via which outlet?
Netflix!
I couldn’t find it on Netflix US, wondering if you’re viewing from another country. 
I got drunk last night, but no hangover, it’s rare for me to get hungover when drinking.
Good for you! I haven’t been that way since early college. So what are you doing this morning? 
Time to day drink :D
You should watch Lucifer. It’s a great show!
hell yeah dude me too! I even went to work this morning because I love my job B)
What do you do?
I didnt see Daredevil in the recommmandation and im offended
Lyft and Uber drivers, be on the lookout.
You're a good man
She's not a man.
I'm proposing to my girlfriend tonight
Congrats man! Be sure to give us all an update to how it goes :)
I'll do that! 
Make sure to update us OP. Happy new year !
Give us an update and spare no gushy details!
Good luck!
Are we getting an update? Because I am in dire need of an update.
Happy New Year, r/CasualConversation!
I got married on NYE! 😁
I had my cake and I'm eating it too lol 
I no longer have many online friends so...
Happy new year!
I lost a bet and don't mind at all
I am the buddy and I bought a damn good whisky of my earnings! :)
Oh hi Buddy
Oh hi mark
I did not hit her...i DiD nOt!
Which whisky? 
Really pleased for you! Are you keeping it up as a new years resolution?
How much do you weigh now? 
I weigh 92... About 187 cm
12kgs in 9 weeks is very slow. Try harder.
I gained 5 pounds. Ugh. Now I'm at 170lb :(
How do you feel about the color orange 
I drank half a bottle of cheap wine and now I feel good haha 
On a scale of one to ten how bad was the wine?
it was actually very good. plus I paid $3 for it
Drunk? 
I don't think so haha.
Proud on my daughter, want to share a feel-good story with you at the end of 2018
I'm not crying, you're crying!
So I deleted my Social Media accounts once and for all to be more productive in this coming year. Do you guys have any tips on what I can do during my free time?
Play osu and browse reddit
May I ask what Osu is?
Learn programming. Guaranteed to eat as much time as you can throw at it.
I passed my statistics course!
You passed statistics? That’s great! What were the chances? 
Thanks! Means a ton.
Does anyone else think folding laundry is one of the most tedious and torturous household tasks??
Nah I love laundry. It’s cathartic for me
What’s your least favorite household chore?
probably taking out the trash. I always put that off until the last minute 
Sadistic people also iron literally everything.
I love folding laundry. When it’s still warm from the dryer and smells so clean...lovely.
For me it's washing someone elses dishes.
Hey, what interesting things did you found this week?
Abcde is an actual name.
woah, probably she had hard time at school
What emoji fills you with rage?
Those are the two that I probably use the most. Uh oh. 
👏👏👏👏👏  this one 
I wonder how many tourist's photos I'm in. I wonder if there's a picture with me in it, hanging in someone's house.
Just thought about this on my trip to Italy! Weird.
You probably walk by me everyday 
I miss the days when you can hangout with friends and just grab a beer together.
Wait until everyone starts hitting 40 and getting divorced. It will all kick on again.
Alcoholic here, I'd punch a nun to have a beer with my friends.
What's something you're happy/excited about but maybe you can't seem to bring up in conversation?
I'm going to a cat arcade for my birthday!
Guys, I did it. I have a shitty superpower
I'm capable of sleeping anywhere, anytime.
My husband said I was his favourite person in the world, and not directly to me. My heart just about exploded.
Oh this is so cute! :) 
Especially when you see her username
/r/rimjob_steve
This is my new favorite subreddit. You are the best Face there is. 
Thanks, and you’re my favorite leather out there.
That doesn’t sound very genuine.
It’s true!
We're generally not bright but we can lift heavy stuff. 
no talk good but love woman
Marriage is wonderful.
u/ailuropholly this is me and u 
How about you send that on Facebook in a private message?
Who hurt you
My wife and I have the same understanding. I dont show affection like normal people do.
My 14 year old liked Dark Side of the Moon...
Now show him Rodeo by Travis Scott
This made me tear up
You both have really good taste in music. 
Quit drinking, and life has never been better
Awesome job! I'm proud of you.
a fifth like a whole handle? WHEW! bet that is a huge difference coming from that
Pepsi is better than Coke. Fight me
I'll fight ya
oh haha let's do it
It's on
tests show that the majority of people can't tell the difference
Y’all ain’t got shit on Orange Fanta
I just received the most amazing Christmas miracle
Who the hell is cutting onions all up in here?
I don’t know, but that person randomly appears whenever there’s a wholesome post. 
Thank you for sharing.  It warmed my grinchy heart
Nearly cried reading this. So toughing.
Only nearly?
Only. I don't cry too easily. Still really heartwarming story. 
This is an amazing story, could you post pictures of the note and candy? I’d love to see it
I sure can when I get home from Christmas dinner!
Here’s a reminder :)
And another one for me so I won't forget to come back
Plot twist 
Op was the only on me that could see the boy.
The others weren’t ignoring him.....
Wonder if there was a small hand carved wooden starfish in the bag...
I got a BJ behind a walgreens
How was he?
And that special needs kid?
Albert Einstein.
I ruined Christmas and was sent home. My gifts are being dropped off in a few days, I guess. I never got to open all of them.
You don't really sound apologetic. Maybe your dismissive attitude about her property upset her. 
I bet you're a real treat at family gatherings.
I bet you're a snotty ungrateful child. We can both play guessing games. 
To everyone else who is also alone on Christmas eve / Christmas day , it's ok. It's better than being with people who don't love you. We are strong and awesome and we can have a great time on our own !
Me, cat, jigsaw puzzle, toast and a boiled egg for dinner, same tomorrow. No complaints. 
The simple things in life
When you're Jewish so you don't celebrate Christmas at all
Merry Christmas!
Happy Hannukah ! Have a wonderful time. ( I know it's over but delayed wishes). 
What about the people that are with people that don't love them?!?!
Why are you with them if they don't love you ? You deserve happiness ! 
I agree. I would have preferred to be alone than lonely in the company of someone else. 
Your energy is contagious! Thanks, dude.
Thanks for posting this! Merry Christmas!
i am alone on christmas day in LA. please hangout with me. who wants to hang?
You lucky bastards. I’m surrounded by people. 
2 dogs, 2 cats and the ID channel is all I need!
Amen!
Anyone else alone on Christmas?
Alone but got a bottle of fireball 
That's the Christmas Spirit
Nobody gives a shit about you at the gym. Don’t fear like you’re an outsider of some club.
Every coming of age movie and after school special says your wrong. 
But what does reality say?
The same thing. These posts are always bullshit.
i disagree.
u/alt-no-more?
What are you up to today or doing for the holidays?
Cook something that looks yummy!
Cookies are on the table tomorrow! 
What are some hobbies you'd like to return to or start trying out?
i’ve come to really love knitting recently. it’s a good pastime 
Writing. I wrote a lot but had to stop, because of chronic pain.
hunting bucks. crazy expensive though. im looking into getting some hand me downs. 
This is the hardest time of the year! And you’ll be okay!
We’re past the shortest day of the year! It’s all longer and better days from here!
Didn’t even know that! Hell yeah man
Wait, it's summer here though? 
Is it just me or is everyone extra depressed this year?
It’s been fucking rough man 
I did a pull-up today!
Nice! Muscle up is next \^\^
Go calisthenics!
Unpopular opinion: Will Ferrell isn’t funny..
And Julia Roberts is not pretty.
I find him okay but he's not my favorite. Different strokes for different folks.
ITA
Just had my first kiss
Who needs human interaction when I can slaughter Khergits with my Vaegir army?
Good choice, my Vaegir brother
Does anyone else monologue at themselves?
All the time. It helps me think things through. 
Does it feel like Christmas to you?
I live in southern California so it never really feels like Christmas 
I have $125 dollars for amazon, without knowing anything about me, what should i get?
You should buy a tv 
Tape 
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM YESSS
This needs to be the top comment
I really hope so
Sonicare tooth brush solid purchase 
Saddleback leather product.
Compliments for anyone who comments wanting one
Can you include the word mushroom?
I could always use a happy boost! 
Am I too late? This is such a cool thread- I don't post often but this is really nice to read.
You’ve gotten so many responses...but if you have time and inclination...............
Wdym? And a compliment is on its way to you as per the anyone who comments part 
Well this oughta be interesting, if you don't mind I'd like to know what you think of my posts
I don’t mind at all! I was asleep so I didn’t see this until now. Sorry for that. :) 
I want one.  :)
I am 34 years old. I JUST realized that in the song 'I saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus', she's actually kissing her husband who is dressed up as Santa Claus, not cheating on him with a mythical being.
Have you considered therapy?
I only learned last year that the other side in the chicken crossing the road joke is death.
That Washington DC and Washington state were *probably* named after George Washington 
They could’ve been based on George Washington Carver instead. Hmmmmm.....
Or they could have been named as a reminder for people to do a ton of washing.
Welcome to 2000-and-late.
It's call hula hoop because to get the hoop to work you do the hula dance.
Fuckin a man. 
I just thought that this and Santa Baby were people roleplaying lol
I thought FTW was the opposite of WTF, as in Fuck The Whats
I used to think smh was shit in my hand. 
I still have problems realizing it's not 'so much hate'
I used to think smh was meant to portray how it sounds...smh(sssmmmhuh)... a sound of disgust
Will. I. am.   Is WILLIAM.
My husband teases me about this all the time.
Flo Rida is Florida :D
The little piggy that “went to the market” WASN’T going shopping. 
We call then movies because they are pictures that move. 
It’s my birthday and I want to know what made you smile today.
My son moved home :)
Helping out customers in my job 
Whats your job?
I keep that classified
Free Compliment Thread! (Hugs Optional)
You are loved more then your brain will ever let you believe. 
But I like hugs.  
*sends flock of hugs*
Yay flock of hugs!
*sends murder of hugs*
AmIdoinitright?
Me please! 
Heyyyy. Complements are nice. They keep me going.
You have a ton of hobbies!
Having a rough go of it lately, happy holidays 
can i -uh have a compliment? =w='''
I think you should try to say more in real life. You come off as a cool and likeable person. 
Aw, thank you :D i wish i could talk more in real life. 
Well, whats stopping you?
Idrk my mind goes blank when it comes time to talk for some reason. Not sure what my deal is :/
You're caring, dedicated, and smart! A credit to the community! 
Look at this mod abusing his power to get a green comment
Plsssss op I love you 
As someone from a Third World Country, USA never ceases to amaze me
What part of Mexico are you from?
Thank you for this post! People like you make the world a better place to live!
Hot AC made me giggle 
can't blame you :v
Not wrong. Heat pumps basically just reverse the valve on the AC
Now I’m not sure if you’re joking or not.
Heat pumps straight up do that. They're not super common though, AFAIK.
What would you say is more common than a heat pump? I’m dying to know.
Whyyyy does this comment have gold?
Why is your gold small?
Come to Canada if you can. It's a lot like America, but with nicer people and better food. 
Comcast doesn't exist in Mexico? I would hurry back there.
Don't fucking use them. 
I don't get how not having cable is so terrible
It's like. The Internet.
Your coca cola is way better hombre.
Yeah but they are also one of the rare countries even more obese than the US, for that reason
Mexican coke is better for sure, but they sell it in the U.S. too though...
This post is so weird. I'm from New Zealand and you couldn't pay me to live in the US. 
Reddit is the only platform I like these days. Reddit is honest.
I'm in the same boat. I only use Instagram to call my friends overseas. 
I still don’t know what TD/LR means.
To long didn't read TL/DR
What is SMH
Suck my hand
THOT..wtf is a THOT
That hoe over there
It's a Teal Deer, not a Toddler. :)  That's how I always read it. 
Every now and then I'll have a few days where I really miss my childhood bestfriend.
A little gay for each other? Are you serious?
Yes. Does that bother you?
Yeah a little bit dude, and it should bother you too  
Cuz it's wrong 
Its unfortunate you feel that way. Why would it bother me?
Because its wrong. Geez, that really upsets me  
Why is it wrong to you?
It's not right. 
just passed my driving test first time!
Mines in 30 minutes!
I've never had a job hit me so hard before.
Sounds hard. Quit. 
I dont understand the fear. 
I take everything I do really seriously I'm scared of failure I suppose. 
You've had jobs before?
Does anyone prioritize using little spoons over big ones?
Yes! I hate the big spoons.. 
Yay! I’m not alone haha. Is there any specific reason?
Yes, although I'm currently transitioning
Why are you transitioning?
Super bored and am looking for music to listen to. Just wondering what everyone’s favorite songs are!
I guarantee you will HATE anything I suggest Haha 
To all those working over the holidays so the rest of us can have time off with our families, THANK YOU!
Hope no one has to see me these holidays. 
Are you an EMT?
Anyone else have the case of you can work on holidays you dont have kids?
Anyone else feel like they look good in the mirror, but terrible in photos? 🤣
I look absolutely awful in any photo ever taken! Not one bit photogenic 😥
That, or you're gorgeous but your eyes aren't picking up on it yet! Hopefully
Shout out to all the guys out there who are actually attracted to black girls
I’m attracted to black girls....but I’m a lesbian :).  
As far as I'm concerned, everyone's brain is the same colour.
As is everyones skeleton.
Good on you friend. So fucking true.
Yeah, but I've never been attracted to someone because of their skeleton (; 
Asian males are the other undesirable demographic, so I feel your frustrations.
We're all in this together
I'm gonna make a Tinder for undesireables. 
Tundesireables?
Careful though...neckbeards might take it over
Hey, I'd rather be unattractive than prone to being serially accosted by police officers.  
K pop fans want to know your location.
As a predominantly chinese-looking Asian male, I feel you.
lmao imagine being Indian
yeah, I'm Indian.
I feel ya
To be honest I don't really see many black people, quite rare here.
I'm an Australian and i'm 100% love black women - namely in the US. 
The title of this post would be pretty awful if written by anyone else than a black female. 
Thanks, unfortunately I'm in a place where there are very very few black girls around.. 
HK!
I have a weird, creepy fetish type thing for black girls! YOU'RE WELCOME.
Im attracted to women. Doesnt matter what color. If i think you look good then you look good
Can we also get a shoutout to all the girls who are actually interested in Indian guys.
All 6 of them? :(
i'm attracted to black girls! i am also a girl, so i don't know if i rly count here 😅
As an ugly person, I can confirm that the least desired demographic is actually ugly people 
It's because black women has a higher testosteron average compared to other races female 
what little thing everyone accepts, but you have an issue with?
Coffee 
leg shaving.
Let us show each other reddit is made up of more than white males who work IT. Who are YOU?
A white male that works IT.
white male yes but not in I.T.   I drive for a living lol
Unfortunately for you, I am a white male IT professional!   
I just quit my job.
Yea, fuck dicks. They can fuck themselves on the dick hole. 
What's your bad habit?
I bite the skin off the inside of my cheeks. 
I know. 
I was just accused of being racist because of what I called my potato salad.
How else are you supposed to call potatoes with red skin?
Indigenous potatoes, obviously 
Fucking snowflakes. 
One love bro. 🤜🏻🤛🏽
Don’t have anybody to tell
Genuine question, what does 4.0 mean? Isnt it the minimum score you need to pass?
Congrats! 
Cheers,
Jartopian
This dude has a forum signature
Yes I do 😊
Jartopian 
I’m not familiar with the American system 😅 you got 4.0 out of how much man ? ;)
No worries! I got a 4.0/4.0 basically straight A’s.
Congratulations and as the Optional Dad, I’m very proud of you. 
Aww thanks!
As for any gold, you’ll have to ask your mother. 😄😄
What's the point of signing with your username for every comment?
I like doing it. It adds a bit of individuality and zest to my writing imo.
I learned playing the Sound of Silence on guitar and its such a good song.
Thank you so much! And happy cake day
Music recommendations?
Last 2 albums by Panic! At The Disco
Does anyone else just adore super rude banter with your friends?
How did that start?
What's up guys, hows this week so far treating you?
I’m great! And I want coffee and late night tv!
That sound pretty good right about now, what are you gonna watch as soon as you get your coffee?
AQUAMAN 
haha nice! Where is your ideal spot to sit in a movie theater?
Mmmm like in the middle where I can see and hear laughs all around
Just started a new job and it is a grind. I'm only working here for a month thank god
Found out at 4am that I'm pregnant! No one is awake to tell!
Congratulations!! Wish you all the best!
*Virtual Hug*
Just don't have sex. It's that simple
Conversation
What promotions do you watch?
Wwe and I dabble in NJPW and roh
I’m more into YouTube, reality show, movie &amp; starting some exercise here &amp; there. 
What are some of your favorite movie? 
What minority are you a part of?
Hey, well, I'm technically part of nobility and I also have astigmatism.
I fucking love ginger ale.
Yeah facts
BIG facts. 
Have you tried ginger beer?
Actually I haven't. Pretty good? 
Depends on the maker. It's worth trying a few kinds. 
Seagrams is the best.
Agree to disagree. 
Canada dry is not inferior to Seagrams, both are good.
True, I do like Seagrams. I'm just partial. 
Gotta try that green tea ginger ale from Canada dry
Tea ginger ale??? 
Only soda I drink. Only thing I'll mix with my Jack Daniels too. 
We might be the same person. I've recently started mixing it with Johnnie Walker black. 
Ever had buffalo rock ginger ale?
Vitaminwater is offering $100,000 to ditch your smartphone for a year. Could you do it?
I’d have to buy/borrow paper books
This is an advertisement. 
Bro that's the easiest money humanly possible
My 55 year old father has never really been into technology or the internet. Three days ago, he upgraded from his old flip phone to a smartphone. Tonight I recieved an interesting voicemail.
Teach him to use Google and change his life forever.
I’m drunk. Does anyone want to talk about anything? Anything at all.
I am dru k as well and currently debatong wether i should send my ex a text or not.
Don't do it!!!!!
Taking back an ex is like trying to shove poop back up your own ass 
What alcoholic beverage did you get drunk on and how much if it did you have?
Whiskey. Drank a whole bottle last night. I’m about half way through another bottle
What brand? And how do you take it neat/ice/..
Hey I'm drunk too!!
Hey! My man!
I just saw a dude walking around wearing a Worlds Best Grandmother sweater on. What little random things have made you instantly want to become friends with someone else?